When do you get home today? In the worst fucking mood and really want to talk Waahhh I'll be home soon! Walking back from food trucks. Want boba? Nono itsok. I'm in class til 3:30 Do you want to get Starbucks bogo maybe Sure! When? I could meet you there after class if that works Around 3:30 cuz he said class will get out early Sounds good, I’m chillin at cinema school til then Mk. Icon Starbucks? Mhm! Oh wow done super early I can head over now Oh LOL still eating at research lab Uhhmm feel free to come hang out! Or I can just meet you outside in like 15 min? Where's your lab? Or I can just walk over to Starbucks and wait Lab is 3rd floor of SCI, one of the cinema school buildings Yeah probably just meet me at sbucks, I’ll be over in about half an hour Also you will appreciate at least two of these loll http://imgur.com/a/76Rdw Mk Hahaha "matlab is what scientists use to do special scientist things" Hmm I'm in line at chipotle but I can leave anytime, the line is ridiculously long Ah okay still on my way from cinema school Mk I just got inside Crossing the street! How's Chicago? Also can we use your corn tortillas? LOL sure go ahead Btw, were you planning to drive back home for winter break or fly? Not sure yet...need a ride? If you're driving back to la, yes please! Will split has *gas Otherwise I'll probly book a flight tonight Also boob Such problem child Oh would we be bringing her too? Hmm yess But actually I could fly and if you were planning to drive I just needed a ride for her LOL If the car will be too crowded Ohh haha no it should be fine! Just need to figure out whether I'm flying straight to Hawaii or not Ooh gotcha Kk just tell me when you find out! When do you come home from chicago? On our way back from the airport right now! Hooray! Also I am down for jinya if you want! Nah I think riley and i are eating together but sooooon Oh also have you been to nature's brew? If not let's go sometime! Noo never been! What kinda food is it? It's the one next to Bacaro right? Yep yep it's coffee and sandwiches, pretty sweet study spot Oh ok That's cool That's really cool I like sandwiches because you can put meat between bread And even sometimes tomato and lettuce even! Hey rayed WRONG Just kidding Just kidding about just kidding Hmmm Last day of Starbucks bogo today if you're interested (: Blarg, already having second coffee today so I’ll probably pass for now haha It’s only between certain hours also right? Mhm, 2-5 Ah nvm then This site is AWESOME I’m obsessed http://www.budgetbytes.com/ Wowowow this is great, thanks! Weird, I just sent my parents a text today composing about how expensive groceries are getting Haha truth, and it definitely doesn’t help that F&E is the closest thing to us We really should go to Ralph’s more... Yesss tell me about it...so much more variety there too But jeez, that chicken enchilada soup the other day cost $30+ in groceries Although it did last forever haha Could you maybe read my personal statement for my applications when you get back? Dammit TSS Huh? Oh LOL I almost forgot that the potluck was supposed to be a surprise Hahahahha Phew thank goodness you didn't say anything on accident x] Remind me again, did you decide about driving to normal? *norcal But pls also drive to normal Hmm I think I'll drive! So i can still have my car at home YAYYY You will have a stowaway Who pays for gas Road tripppp Is this our first roadtrip together? How is that even possible? Wait wat Really?? Other than vegas? Idk man, it seems unlikely but I can't think of anything... Btw can I eat the last avocado? Hrmmmmmmm Yup i think so Just buy new one pls I hate that they go bad so fast ugh ): Plus it’s hard to split 4 avocados among 3 ppl ): We need like...a costco pack Did you buy the most recent batch or me? Christina did Dood no a Costco pack is the last thing we need...like 50 of those ripening all at once?? Ohgod yeah A magical costco pack... Where you can control the ripening rate lolol Just constant lemon juice being showered over them Or i guess that would just keep them green There must be a way... Test test Scarjo has a cutiepie twin brother? http://www.eonline.com/eol_images/Entire_Site/2011725/425.johan.lc.082511.jpg Don't think riley and i will make it to big hero 6, since it'll take us a while to get to food and back. Catan though! YES CATAN Aw man and ok! Mk just finished movie! You guys still down for cataan? Yes! Come ovah You remember the address? 1286 29th st Yup! Just driving home now Is there parking there or should I cruiser? Cruiser is probably easier haha Kk Want me to bring over any of the alcohol leftover from the hackathon party? Where you at woman Also it looks like we might do cards against humanity lol Waiting for cruiser! Btw we have Bacardi, fireball, and cmo, just fyi Kk sounds good We're starting cause people are bored but you can jump in whenever you get here! Sorry to keep you waiting but yup! No worries Hey are you free? I could ask Chris to drop me off at Ralph's in 10 Otherwise I can go home first and then we'll go later Doing work at coj with xtina! Let’s go around 6? Mk Hmmmm would you be ok with maybe driving to Walmart? There's this one ingredient I need that I'm not sure they'll have a But if not I can do a different thing! Hmmm what’s the ingredient? I’d be fine with driving there though They're called candy melts? But I'm looking up stuff and I think I can get the same result with a mixture of white chocolate and food coloring! Ooh okay. I’ll head home from coj in like 15 min and we can figure it out! Mk! Can robin come too? Yeah of course Hmmm how do we suddenly leave w/o being suspricious I'm done! Waiting by the door Kk be done soon Got 2 hours of sleep  napping now, see you soon! ￼ Oh btw if you could save one avocado for me that would be great! Ok there are 4 avocados, can I use 3 to make huac? guac* Yup! You were right about the Nicki Minaj performance from last night, it’s a collab with Skylar Grey called Bed of Lies haha Ooh i seeeee You still up? Yup! Sleeping soon tho Ooh okay. Real quick, can you take a picture of an assignment sheet I have out on my desk and text it to me? Hahaha yup Sorryyyy forgot to take it with me haha It’s for my BUCO 333 class and it should be two stapled pages OH nvm my group mate sent it to me! Oh mk! Totally forgot, rave of thrones is this wednesday night! You and Chris still down? Oh shoot forget haha but yeah! That’s actually the only day this week that works of rme for me Kk chris says he’s probably free I wonder if hodor i actually any good Would it super bother you if we had my group meeting in our kitchen? All the study rooms are taken :/ Nope! I’m heading out for sushi with holly so it’s actually perfect timing Need to work once i get back but i’ll just go in my room Is it ok to use some of the lemon that’s on the table? Yeah sure! Jk used bottle lemon juice! What coffee drink do you recommend at ground zero? Irish creme latte! Their plain house coffee is also pretty good Ooh ok May just get the plain, not in the mood for anything sweet Why don't I ever come here... Ooh they were having some event so I scored free food yesss Let's go again sometime and split my free milkshake! Btw I bought ramen pass Yasssssssssssss to both The NYU application system is so terrible it is driving me insane half their info links don’t work ;alkdfja;kdfj;akldsj Have you heard/read about all the backlash against the rolling stone rape article? It actually makes me so mad... There’s a HUGE legion of people that are using it to say that a ton of rape cases are fabricated and stuff Plus this I understand that the reporter seems shady, but saying that it can’t be true because it’s too horrific to be real? That’ It’s not like the girl is getting anything out of this. If anything, she’s probably getting scrutinized and hated And she didn’t even name anyone, so it’s not like she’s out for revenge http://www.slate.com/articles/double_x/doublex/2014/12/sabrina_rubin_erdely_uva_why_didn_t_a_rolling_stone_writer_talk_t Btw random, but do you know if salted egg yolks are a thing I can buy at a chinese grocery store? Craving them but too much effort/time to make at home Yeah you can buy salted duck eggs for sure! We use them in congee all the time Phew ok! Thaaaaaanks Wanna go Asian/Thai food shopping today or sometime soon? I'm hanging out with my mom today actually LOL she's been in LA for the weekend Soon though! Aw say hello to mama luo for me! And mk! Do we have buffalo sauce? Otherwise i shall buy some from the fosheezy Which was about to autocorrect to “fishery”... I have a little left but not much Up in the spice cabinet Kk i shall buy some for future use Any chance I can have some of your leftover chips?? Sorry to mooch! Jk I shall eat at chris's! Potential food shopping today? I’m out studying all afternoon. Maybe tomorrow? Mk! Sighs it is kinda hard listening to christina talk to her parents repeating over and over how low her salary is...I feel But it’s hard to tune it out cuz she keeps mentioning specific numbers and saying that it’s so bad and stuff :/ is she talking to them on the phone or ranting specifically to you? Nono just on the phone haha so she's not doing it on purpose of course! Just hard not to hear Never fear we are back for birthday shots! Hooray! Shoot i didn’t eat dinner yet LOL Any idea where our kimchi went? I can’t find it anywhere Any idea where our kimchi went? I can’t find it anywhere Bottom right drawer Ohhhhhh thanks! ￼￼ These are quite cute Omfg so drunk hahaha He says "Always down for sushi but want to try dim sum" Assuming he means dtf/roc type dimsum haha Also roc has a reservation option on yelp so i can do that to avoid a wait Aite let’s do thatttt Although they never seemed to have a line whenever we were near there for tsujita Oh that’s true. What time you think we’ll go? Leave by 7? Sounds good to me Should i make a reservation or nah? Yeah doesn’t hurt Oh jk its only for parties bigger than 6 Whoa i didn’t know theres a dtf in glendale too Mile-wise same distance as ROC Weird, why haven’t we ever gone there?? Not for today tho cuz wait will probably still be bad, but we should remember for future reference! OHHAY i found a place that serves dims til 8!! And same distance as everything else http://www.yelp.com/biz/lunasia-chinese-cuisine-alhambra canto so no alb but I’m cool with that if you guys are prices are a lot better i.e. more like normal dims whoops, *dimsum and *xlb ￼99 cent taco lunch special at this new place! We should go 99 cents wuttttt Looks good! Where is it? La Valentina, on vermont across the street from ralph’s isn ish* Lololol we told Riley's dad the hamster was his birthday present LOL awwww courtesy of matt yang! http://shirt.woot.com/offers/so-games-much-thrones-wow?ref=cnt_top20_15_tl also what did riley’s dad say LOL Haha he hates pets so he kept referring to her as "the rat" His mom loved her though! Boob behaved herself and did not poop on anyone All safe and dropped off now LOL my dad calls her that too sometimes! Aw and I'm glad she behaved hahahaa My dad called me very concerned about what he was supposed to do with her LOL THIS IS GREAT Chris's mom is hilarious ahahhaha The two of them combined are so much noise hahaha LOLOL I’m so curious A middle aged mother Chris... Basically x] She's quite sassy Ohman and her reaction to kush being vegetarian was so great She made ribs for dinner for when we came back from the airport And then she was like "OH MY GOD A VEGETARIAN!" Hey, not sure what you're up to but Im going to the new philz in Sunnyvale to read! Feel free to join Oooh didn't know they opened one in Sunnyvale! Join meeee! I'm busy mauling this ￼ But maybe in a bit, I'll let you know Ohman that looks good And I'll be here for a while! Excite Ah I think Riley's getting here soon and I promised kristi we'd get 85 degrees with her at 4, so philz is probably a no Feel free to join us at 85 though if you're free! Oh Riley's coming? Is he here for nye? Yep yep we Tahoeing it up with my friends ￼ LOLOL lemme get that creme brulee undercut homez Oh btw what day do you think we'll leave? Anytime works for me, just gotta let my dad know Sunday 1/11 work for you? Yup! Dexter got inked  ￼ I'm not sure/don't want to be mean, but isn't there a typo? Ah ok, have confirmed, is typo Oh nooooo I'd actually be down to go back on Saturday too haha but whatever you want! Oops forgot to respond! Yeah I'm down too Kk should we plan for that then? Getting super antsy and restless at home Plus being with my dad and grandma minus mom makes me want to tear my hair out sometimes Also pls to come to Vegas! It'll probly be the only time phresh cru will ever go together!! Btw sorry you have to drive out of your way to pick me up! We could get lunch somewhere around here and then leave? AYO APE Yes to all of the above except for vaygoose, which is still a maybe! Haha we can discuss in the car on the way down Lunch in fremont sounds good! I'm thinking of downloading an audiobook to entertain us for the drive, any ideas? Ooh that's a really good idea! I was gonna say bossypants but you've already read it right? Something funny or random like freakonomics could be cool LOL WAIT NO THERE IS ONLY ONE OPTION THE BEST FANFICTION OF ALL TIME Picking out new glasses help! Actually nvm haha Have you heard of the Serial podcast? Noope what's that? And that's funny I'm looking for new glasses too? *! Can I call? Eating dinner in like 10 min, maybe after? Oki Actually we have a whole car ride to talk haha so its fine Oh I assumed it was about gateway haha Nope haha I mean thats just annoying, blehhh. Fuck the gateway. I know :/ blarg I'll text you when I can talk though! Haha its alright, i need to cool down a bit anyway On the plus side, going to monterey tmw and thursday with my friend Ooh what for? To relax/get away! My aunt has a beach house-y thing there that she offered up to me for the week And bikes in the garage and stuff, so we’re just gonna chill and bike to a lighthouse and stuff Actually if i can talk to you just about one thing that would help, when you have time Now's good! Ah its alright i’ll just text you Sorry if i seemed pissed about the roommate thing...it’s just really annoying and i was mad that it didn’t work out I’m really really unhappy at home right now. And i miss you guys. I’ve been trying to talk to my dad and give him advice so he has someone to talk to.. And you know what he just told me? “Calvin left you and Chris will leave you soon. You haven’t kept a relationship for m ........that's a horrible thing to say I'm so sorry! You sure you don't want to talk? I'm not doing anything right now Oh it’s ok. I’m keeping myself distracted by watching netflix in my room. It just helps to tell you Ah okie Blahhhh I miss you guys too. Only a couple days until you're back in LA again though You'll make it <3 And the gateway shit will all get worked out, robin was fine to live with and I'm sure the next girl will be fine too. T Plus now we know that if someone requests to be reassigned, they'll somehow make it happen lol Just in case dong xie ends up being horrible Silly dong It's gonna be really hard to not make puns out of her name all the time... What an inconvenient dong Just donging all over our apartment ￼Wow I figured out the secret to natural looking loose waves The trick is to watch Netflix for hours in bed while idly twisting your damp hair Ooh looks nice Have you tried the Princess Leia bun method? Lol nope but I remember you said it was effective! Must try Btw downloaded bossypants and the first few episodes of serial! It’s like a crime drama told in real-time, I’ve heard re Hooray mk sounds good! What time should I be ready tmw? Idk what time you wanna get lunch? slash where? Maybe 12? And leave around 1/2 ish? Hmm and what are you feeling? There's a new buffalo wild wings near me if we wanna do non-Asian! Otherwise there's all the usual Asian options haha but we can get that in LA too. I'm down for anything! Something faster than buffalo wild might be better, unless the one near you doesn’t have a wait? I have no idea haha never been Herrrmmm okay. Up to you! It’s not the end of the world if it takes a bit longer haha Kk we can decide tmw! So should I be ready at 12? Jah Holy, the bww has terrible reviews haha There's a good cheap/fast burger place near my house! We could do that? Wait a minute I know what we can do CHEAP BANH MI! Impossible to find in LA. And right next to tra island, which we can pick up for the road haha LOL yass! So down Excited for our roadtrip yay! Still can’t believe its the first dude Yeah so weird haha Running a tad late, will probably get to your house around 12:20? Np, I'm ready to gooo whenever Oh btw little reminder to ask five stars about a possible flight change if possible! Right! Will do tomorrow Hmm should i take a 2-unit calligraphy class tor a 4-unit drawing class? Ooooh I found this new show called Penny Dreadful that looks cool What drawing class? I might be down to take it with you! Omg yes do it MW 6-9 currently but emailed the teacher asking if she can make room for me in her 2-5 class instead What class is it? Intro to drawing I believe? FADW 101? Yup! I'll be home for dinner if you wanna give me 10 bucks + ID then! Also coming home right now if you're there Mk! Me and christina are home rn, just went grocery shopping at ralphs Oh poops I needa do that too Eeep hope your hand is ok! Thanks! I think it's gonna be fine haha health center took care of it All done at the health center! When do you think you'll head over to campus center? I was thinking of leaving here at 6:15 To guarantee tickets looool Hahaha okie I'll meet you there Too lazy to go home and come back so I'll just head there now and wait LOL thats so long! Get coffee or something Already had both coffee and tea today LOL Just chillin at annenberg cafe now Ah i know the feel Got a cold brew and a caramel macchiato Also the cold brew at rth/roski cafe is really good ! And only 2 bucks RTH/Roski? Aren’t they two separate places? Yeah but same coffee menu Christina snapchatted me the orange ginger thing on the menu at rth and they had the same at roski's so I assume they ha Oooh yeah they must have all switched the same new vendor The orange ginger thing was kinda weird haha, too gingery I hate that they call their frozen drinks “S’Blendid” though. URG Barf Ewwww I meant to get a thing at nekter but couldn't make myself hand over $5 for some blended bananas Heading over! I have no idea if there'll be a line or there will be zero ppl but could you go over and see? Sure sure Do you want a brown brow pencil? There's a pack with a black and a brown one and we could split if you want Mm I already have one so I think I'm good! Oh my, my sensitive nerdy mentor from summer is playing and guitar and singing LOL aw! Also this class, wowowow I think I'm gonna audit it You are literally locked in for 4 hours Or you don't get your id back If you leave early haha Great class tho! We watched cake today, with Jennifer Anniston. Didn't like it but still cool Also THERES SO MANY PPL WE KNOW IN THIS CLASS! Met John Humphries and he said they're gonna pregame the class hahhhaa we Yeah Riley and I were talking about auditing too Pregaming sounds like a plan hehehe (: Yesss Also sandy sent me a really passive aggressive text and it was so weird o__O ￼ What? I wonder if she meant something else...? That is super weird o__o Dude yeah I was so confused, it was so unlike her I don't think she meant it in a sassy way, I think she was just asking what everyone else wants to drink? Idk man Also just wanted to confirm, we are at mgm right? Yup! Yup! Also I'm dumb, I bought and opened an eyebrow pencil and then realized that I split a pack with you last time LOLOL good work Oh right! I have a brown one so that means you have a black one? Yupppppppp LOL How's baegas so farrrr still on our way LOL Looollll how long have you been driving? We just got here!! Like 6 hours hahaa Wows. Where headed The room to get ready LOL then XS! Don't think we can make hakkasan anymore haha but might try Blarg so excited to join tomorrow Fuck yah you shoudk be All of us petty drunk right now Sleeping now See ya tmw The hangover poops are so real Dude same I was skeptical about getting a table but we really did get one! And two few drinks each! Maaang. No table/VIP status for tonight? Also what are dinner plans? I'll be getting in around 7:30, can cab to the hotel by like 8ish If that's too late I can eat before my flight. Let me know! We have the same deal with table + drinks for tonight at XS! We're going to the bellagio buffet right now so it might be better if you eat before? Nooo I wanna buffet Haha what time will yall be there? Maybe I can meet you there Oh nvm didn't see the "right now" part lol Whoops sorry I missed your call! What's up? Nvm just got here, xtina let me in OH YAY! I paid for your sandwich at Earl right? Yup! And I got the drink at marquee which was $18, so we should be good right? Idk I’m just noting everything down right now Did you put the drink on the spreadsheet? No cuz we just split it between us two But if you want I can? Meh it’s fine we can just call it square for those two, I’ll take earl off Yeah k People in our cab to Marquee: you, me, Tiffany, Christina, Sandy? Wait actually that’s 5 people, did we take a big car? Yeah i think we did! Christina and i are trying to remember who the 5th person was tho Definitely me you christina and tiffany dyou remember who sat in the back with you? tiffany and someone else Urrgh not sure... Okay I think the spreadsheet is finalized now, luckily the people you paid didn’t put in any additional transactions at Other than the $53.33 you haven’t paid Holly yet Random but dyou wanna go talk to gateway about the watches sometime soon? Oh whoops just got your messages No worries! And haha I totally forgot about the watches I don’t think there’s much point in talking to them...I was just gonna try to take it to macy’s and return/exchange it But can we do that w/o any receipt? Also do we know it’s from mace’s? Doesn’t the tag say macy’s? either macy’s or nordstrom I forget Hmm i don’t see anything on it, was it on the inside? OH yup you’re right! I hadn’t taken it out of the packaging yet haha But yeah it says macy’s + a return label Dyou wanna go sometime soon? It’s been on my to-do list forever haha Also i wonder if it’s still in the returnable period... Website doesn’t say anything about a time period https://customerservice.macys.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/1420/~/fine-j Wanna go on Friday afternoon? Yah sure! Mkay downtown one is closest Heh we can get lunch at mendocino Yeee ok! Hmm what if they ordered them online tho? Cuz it says those can only be returned online Oh yay it does say “returns can be made at any time after purchase” tho We could ask gateway if they bought them online? Surely they are competent enough to know that Heavy heavy sarcasm Knowing them they probably have no idea Sure yeah let’s email them And if no response by Friday, we’ll stop by the leasing office on our way out Sounds good You email or me? Ohh also they’re open til 9pm every day I’m also down to go on an earlier night if you want This is gold btw http://www.reddit.com/r/UnexpectedThugLife/ Ahaha omg I want to watch them all but I don’t have headphones You would love them ahahahah I’m emailing dana, it wouldn’t hurt to email a couple people though Alrighty i’ll email someone else https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qRNRu_Isw_k Make sure you watch this one first hhahaa its the best ￼Dana being as helpful as ever LOOOLL Dude omg I found a hotpot place that has $20 AYCE option...... Would be down to go if you are Otherwise Chris and I are getting jazz cat today haha Could you please do me a favor? I'm waiting on a package for my art class, but they were still sorting when I checked earlier http://imgur.com/gallery/u2rKz Dong is so adorable haha always feeding us LOL yeah I should tell you some cute things she said yesterday haha Also. I did a bad thing ?? I literally texted chloe “I’m so excited for art class now that it gives me an excuse to buy cold brew every day!” Got my cold brew after class Spilled it on man stranger Poor man stranger It was terrible And now i have no cold brew either.... But also i think i have never felt my face turn that red in my life, holy shit I went from “wow so attractive” to “i need to leave this planet” in about 10 seconds Side note, do you wanna come work out w/me in 10? ￼I cannot, I am enjoying my own cold brew huehue No attractive man strangers nearby, I’m safe GODDAMN Also I can barely lift my backpack right now, so I don’t think I’d be able to get in a very good workout haha. Yesterday Hahahaha mk Lifting my art bag is seriously a workout dud *dude Sep after working out arms. It hurtsssss Did you manage to get your stuff done for class? Yeah! And my larger sketchbook came in before class, so i cut out what i drew in the smaller one and pasted it in the big one LOL hax Ooh do you wanna see into the woods? Possible double date? Ahh yes! When? No idea, hmmm Friday and saturday ray is here hahaha Is sunday weird? Omg also alert riley, wanna pregame film symposium tmw hahahaha Sunday's no good for us, lunching with his parents and then he has meetings Ooh ok gotcha I would say tmw, but we have film symposium so 2 movies in a row might be rough Also Riley and I want to go to a Peruvian place for dineLA (Los balcones) so we can make it a double dinner + movie date Can we do a weekday next week? Or wait I think we might be able to do Sunday after 8! Oooh yesyes To either! Peruvian sounds awesome R can't pregame film because he has class, but I'm down Feel like I'm getting sick though so I'll take it easy Heheheh oki Uhohh, xtina was feeling kinda sick too It begins Post Vegas ugh Lmk on pregame plans though, I have a meeting at 5 but it might be quick Hahahah oki I finish class at 4 and then getting boba truck So ill be back at 4:30 We definitely have enough alcohol Oh we're doing it at our place? Oh anywhere is cool! I can ask john humphries and them if they were seriously planning on presuming haha *pregaming Oh he says trades or the lab LOL *traddies Haha aite I'll see if I can make it Yay made a reservation for 4 this Sunday at 8:45 at the Peruvian place! It's like 15 min from the grove, which has a 10:40 showing of into the woods Oooh ok nice! How much is their dinner? $30! Naiiiiiice! Let me just check with Chris that he's free cuz he's doing some hackathon this week Omg menu looks amazing He better be free Right? I was looking for ones that would be worth the 30 bucks haha Picked the right one Dangit noooooo I forgot to make my tea half sweet Maybe I'll go back and add tea at home hahaha Done with meeting! On my way back to gateway Kk getting ready! Also, exciting news My picture got featured on this famous Instagram and now it has 940+ likes! My self esteem is happily enjoying this haha Haha what picture? A picture of a grilled cheese from London LOL Back at vs Fyi target has nice underwear 6 for $20 Hi 💩 I knew that's what you were doing in there A line formed hahaha Twas embarrassing, I left a poop mark Any updates on plans with dexter? Noo nothing Seems like it won't happen But we should meet up with him on our own sometime Okie sounds good Four leaf? No outlets though...so we'd have to make sure we have enough battery for a long while Also we should clarify with holly that Chris and Riley are coming also lol Oh yeah hahaa Dangit didn't know about the outlets Yeah :/ otherwise I would've started going there to study a long time ago haha That and the lack of parking Have I ever showed you this? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DMP0tsTnFtk Loving her stuff lately Ooh no you haven’t but its good Her voice/style actually reminds me of kimbra Yeah! Same retro-sexy tone haha Idk what to call this style...like, jazz-trap? o.o Oh btw let’s try to be ready to leave Gateway at 8! I think we’re gonna uber so we won’t have to worry about drinks? Kk! I actually think I'm gonna take a small nap, don't feel too good Let's do work at ten ren on weekdays sometime! Sure! Do you have Friday class? Also you would appreciate this http://m.imgur.com/a/5lzlA?gallery Oooh saw the first few but I'll look more when class is over And no Friday class! That Netherlands dress is so pretty waw Merp, just ordered lingerie from a site called forplay.com...I guess it’s too much to hope that they would package it di LOOOL FYI macy’s has a sale thing for watches where you get an extra 15% or 10% off, til february 9th Hmm I think I'll save mine and use it at the Macy's home dept for new apartment stuff actually! LOL just saw this on yik yak Why was pavlov's hair so soft? Because he used classical conditioning? DID YOU SERIOUSLY JUST GUESS THAT WAAA nice Dayym I'm so smart GAH that fricking class is here again They take up the entire weight area! They were here yesterday too What class? With the buff black guy? Yeahhhh And they have all the weights too Gahhh https://www.facebook.com/l.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fmedium.com%2Fthe-year-of-the-looking-glass%2Fthe-imposter-syndrome-9e23e2 ￼Interested? WHAT YES HOW?! Pls pls pls tell I gotchu You are the best Oh and I called to see whatchu guys are up to I'm down to get a little schwastey Ohhhh awk we are about to have the sex LOOOOL Ah Nvmmmm Pls do not join  Haha maybe let's drink tomorrow at gaam for Martin's thing? Mebbeeee Lmk when i should be ready  Oh and who else is going to gaam tonight? Is it ok to bring chris maybe? I'll add you to the event thing! Wait it looks like gaam is moved to Saturday night Ooh alrighty Meeting wrapping up soon On my way back! Y99ra6 wtf i have no idea why that sent It was supposed to say “Hooray!” Also dammmn, new GoT trailers is intense! Haven't seen it! Speaking of got though, Maisie Williams just did an ama on reddit haha Last night was fun! Also, how do I get in on the free pizza business? It ends tmw right? Oh totally forgot to give you one! Go ahead and grab one out of the front pocket of my backpack Hooray thank you! http://per79-27.diply.com/perfection/23-punniest-celebrities-all-time/90031 You have to see this hahahaha you will appreciate the stupid puns http://i.imgur.com/l2LMScU.jpg Have I ever showed you this http://tokyoramenhousepress.com/2015/01/07/47-things-all-bubble-tea-baristas-think-about/ Noo excited to read Gave me PTSD Hahah the gifs are great Explaining boba was so hard... The only inaccurate one is “running your hands through the warm fresh boba” wtf who does that Wtf LOL Want any bobez? Actually would you be down to split a large one? Nah I'm gonna pick up coffee Thanks though! Mk! We were trying to tell you this the other day but couldn't really articulate it. We don't want you to have to choose bet Oh haha I thought you were still in the living room so I went out to say “why’d you text me?” Gonna finish replying in the group text  Do you wanna drink and watch a good movie tonight? Aaargh tonight’s not great cause I have to finish my programming assignment by midnight D: plus it’ll be past 11 by the Sunday night? Mm maybe! Apparently I am leaving for Vegas tmw Haha oh right christina told me! Sounds funnnn Vegas with theta xi seems like it would be cray cray LOL Or just weird hahhahaha But yeah it'll be interesting! Plus free so why not How is it free?? Who paid for everything? Apparently a guy named Tim whose dad owns half of Vegas or something like that? LOL Oh Tim So? Yes? That sounds right haha Hey what was the name of that korean salon you went to once? Hmm lemme check! I think it was kim so young K it's Kim sun young Haircut? Color? Just wanna trim the bottom part :P sorry to disappoint Did you need to make an appointment last time or did you walk in? Aw man they're closed today according to yelp Maybe I'll try my luck elsewhere haha I made an appt but that was cuz I was getting it straightened Try tmw? Hey I'm out grocery shopping right now but I'll be back in ~20 min, if you get to gateway around then I can drive us! Won't be back by then :/ Do you think you'll be here by 7 for sure? By the time I put away my groceries it'll be like 6:50 and I'm pretty sure I Ahh I think so! It says 20 min! That would be awesome but if it'll be a problem/they really want to leave, don't worry about it! Well the super impatient car already left so I think it's fine haha LOL Thank you!! Really appreciate it Kk gonna go grab sandy and blair, and then I'll check in with you to see where you at! On fig! Almost hereeeeee I can just put my stuff in your car? Yup Kk I'm waiting outside cvs Alright on our way Holy shit dude, he’s been in so many movies http://www.buzzfeed.com/andrewziegler/how-many-of-these-nicolas-cage-movies- Holy crap I haven’t even heard of 90% of these.... And i think the few i’ve seen have been enough to last a lifetime Yeah I've seen like 3, and that was 3 too many Down for ssg or men oh tonight maybe? If I say no, are you gonna go get hotpot with Christina? Lol Haha I was gonna cook but I'm down for either! Which hotpot were you thinking There’s this new one called mokkoji Mm Arcadia’s a little far, but if you wanna do SSG or men oh I’m chill with that Kk If the wait at ssg is crazy lets do men oh! Sounds gucci, what time? Ooh there's also a relatively new one called maruya I should be out at 6:30! They have a thingy where you can get ramen + another item for $13 Where is it? The little plaza where nijiya and everything is Oh okay! I think Christina's in too once she finishes her work, hopefully that won't be too long after you get back Sounds good! I can wait (: Should be heading back soon hopefully http://www.buzzfeed.com/mrloganrhoades/one-mans-attempt-to-guess-nail-polish-colors?bffb&utm_term=4ldqpgp#.qsPQzRABaJ Omg that was way funnier than I thought it would be Wait his guesses are actually so good tho! Maybe not cemented poop water I really enjoyed how they started evolving Like they started out really simple but then he went the route of “Friday Night Redwood Forest Fire” LOL yeah! Also I'm pretty sure I'm falling sick Hence ramen craving x] Aw man that sucks dong But not Dong LOOOOOOL I guess it makes sense if Chris was sick in Vegas You trying to make out with me http://i.imgur.com/znR4U.gif Disturbingly accurate http://imgur.com/a/G1XZ2 This short prom dress https://fbcdn-sphotos-h-a.akamaihd.net/hphotos-ak-xpa1/v/t1.0-9/29693_443209168956_5204663_n.jpg?o Or this long one https://fbcdn-sphotos-d-a.akamaihd.net/hphotos-ak-ash2/v/t1.0-9/225769_10150305922633957_4566582_n.jpg? Ohheyyy I actually really like the long one! But is it....too classy? LOL LOL I’m classy motherfuckers I suggest the short one hahaha Its nice! Just like...definitely prom material Whatchu up to right now? Christina and i were thinking of getting bobez truck In class until 3 Aw man that’s when our class starts ￼ HAHHAHAHA Where do we go To get these ghetto glamour shots I know right But damn she look pretty good Whatchu up to/wanna go work at a cafe? In a meeting and then driving up to Riley’s parents house after that, but I’m down to go work somewhere on Sunday! Leaving on Sunday! Oh right oops I forgot Which reminds me, better text my mom and ask her about the dress Should I get lime hot Cheetos cuz I think the answer is yes The lifeblood of our apartment Hihi, so my mom put my dress in a brown cardboard box outside the front door. Lemme know if you get a chance to swing by Sounds good! You and Chris in for drinking tonight? Depends on the time! We have dinner plans but hopefully will be free after that! I'll let you know once I have a better sense of the timing tho What time you thinking of going? Oops forgot to respond to this. I think we’re pregaming around 8 and leaving around 9? Ohhh ok I don't think we'll be able to join then ): You can always join us later if we're still out and about! What time you think you'll be back from dinner? Ah our plans fell through but I don't think we'll join haha I'm not really in the mood to drink Aw okay. Everything alright? Yeahh haha I was just a bit disappointed but all good now What happened? Hello I am dink LOL Actually or kidding hahaha Little of both haha Dangit too bad I'm missing it hahaha In n out though Yessss worth Are you guys still at octopus? Also random but do you have any dress pants that I could maybe wear to my interview? Like slacks? Ahh no I don't, Christina probably does though? Aw mk thanks, I shall ask! And the night turned out fine after all! Btw would it be ok if dong's friend slept in your bed tonight? Or were you planning to come back? Um yeah it's fine but I have a lot of stuff on my bed...can they just sleep on the couch? Haha yeah i think its fine What's your home address again? Gonna try really hard to get your dress but there's a small chance I won't be able to if the interview runs late. Should It’s okay don’t worry about it! Good luck on the interview :DD Address tho! And thank you! 18926 Congress Junction Ct. Saratoga, CA 95070 Yay! What time you free tmw! I finish class at 5 and Aleena has work til I'm not sure what time hahha I'm out of class at 5 as well! So whenever aleena's free is chill wit me Listening to christina reprimand a kiuel committee member right now, it's so weird hahaha Is she scary I feel like she could be scary in a teacher way Like you would just feel guilty and terrible Yeah she's very stern LOL Urgh and need coffeeeee been up since 5 Ohdear Good thing we're not kieul Phew Kiuel? Such a hard acronym Let's make our own It'll be called Lame Just think of how rayed pronounces it Le assemblie de madame engineers The de is not important LOOOL I'll just sneak into it Omg can this become a thing LOL "You should come to our kiuel event!" "Sorry we're lame" Make sweatshirts Go all out Omg "I don't expect to be rewarded for being kiuel" She actually just said that ahahha LOOOOL That can be our slogan Kk so plan is for Aleena to pick us up around 8 Also I managed to miss my midterm this morning lol so mad at myself Oh no ): what happened? Overslept Studied for it the whole time while I was back home and last night haha Never missed a test before gahhhh Emailed the professor so we'll see what happens :P Actually really craving beef noodle soup if you're down for that tonight That's too far jk stick with sullungtang http://m.imgur.com/a/WNOPk This is what all sexy girl power music videos should be like LOL https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ecL6XCuO3Fw For some reason this is adorable http://time.com/3712190/elderly-man-hits-9-cars-parking-lot/ Eta on film being done? just finished the movie! my guess is 10:45? Okay sweet! Ben and I are chillin Wanna pick me up in front of finger fountain? Or should i come home and then we leave ? Sure we'll pick you up! Hooray mk! I think we’re about to be done in like 2 min Oh shoot my wallet is at home tho Have you left yet? It’s in the longchamp bag Oh okay grabbing it now Hooray thanks! Just finished, gonna pick up my ID and head to to finger fountain Jk I have my wallet! Ma bad Yo wanna go do work at rewts with me and Christina? Yes! I'm at lorenzo rn but i can go back Okay I'm gonna shower and eat lunch so let's leave around 2? Also Christina forgot she gave up boba for lent so she's not coming haha Sounds goood Aw! Poor thing Do they have non boba, like coffee or something? She says it'd be too painful to come along and not have it LOL Hahaha awww What about natures brew? And it's smell LOL Nooooo no smell pls Although I am sick so maybe I won't smell it... Its omg how could autocorrect to it's like that Grammar nazi is angry Ooh yeah haha well I'm down either way! I just feel bad for xtina LOL Are you feeling any better? Yeah somewhat! Wait is that scratching noise you or boob?? It's me doing my page wrinkling thing ahahah Ohhhhhhh LOOL I swear I thought it was her digging forever in her cage but I was like damn she's digging forever Wow that sentence did not make sense Time to sleep Wow I never knew the sad disappointment that is cold in n out Oh noooo Hahah agreed it is not nearly as satisfying Why is it cold? I think they just picked it up for this event way too far in advance haha I'm hosting a table for Microsoft at e-week kickoff carnival Wheeee resuming dexter! The intro is so good! Just saw it for the first time Ugh yes, one of my favorite show intros Hahahaha your video The only acceptable way to eat cotton candy Do you have a white strapless bra by any chance? Mm no I don't think so :/ I have a black one? http://www.discoverlosangeles.com/dinela-los-angeles-happy-hour-week Lololol its merchants of doubt! LOL its that movie i told you about! Yeahhhh ahaha Well lmk if it ends up being any good The guys are hypothesizing that Cinderella will be next week if anything Ah i really liked it, for a documentary! Along the lines of an inconvenient truth Really well made, still a documentary but good for that! Aw man maybe I shouldn't have skipped :/ Btw, finished the last of the hot Cheetos, so I went out and bought a new bag LOL Also bought top coat if you still need it! Thanks for the topcoat! For some reason the intro song for dexter reminds me of sherlock Ohh I can see that a little Also laguerta looks like a frog UGH YES froguerta LOL I didn't know bourbon st was in the same plaza as simply pho you! Also I'll let you know about dinner, waiting for Riley to get back to me on his schedule Ok wasn't sure if you guys didn't see my text again LOL And did you get the New Orleans iced coffee Riley says he'll be at lab late so I'm free for dinner! Yay! And yessss it's helping my hangover My head hurts so much every time I blow my nose/cough Ohman I pulled a Christina and threw up on the bus And noo that sucks Yeah she told me :/ we really can't hold our alcohol anymore I guess... It was dumb tho cuz I wasn't drunk! Did you manage to contain it somehow...? I got a bag but couldn't open the first one in time But got a second one and most of it went in there Ooh hm when do you think you're coming back? If it's soon ish I was gonna ask if you could bring me back coffee Think I'll stay here for another couple hours, you still want it around 6? Hmm I think so! Lmk when you're leaving and I'll tell you Do you think you'll go anywhere tmw to study? Down to join you Yeah that was the plan! Maybe bourbon agaib Yissss ok ill go with you then! That coffee was so goood Or we could go to larchmont bungalow! I went there for coffee but I wanna try their food alsooo Ooh ok down for either! Just realized larchmont bungalow might be really crowded tmw cuz Sunday brunch Oh gross Let's not then. Bourbon has food too Gahhh dong keeps putting trash in the toilet Must tell her to stop Lol ew...what kind of trash? Mostly hair Sometimes other things I assume a poop is occurring Checked the ingredients and wrote down the ones we need The recipe i used had fresh corn but we don’t need it The polenta i have may not work actually cuz its meant to be sliced and heated So it might be already kinda cooked or something? But if we can’t find grits we can use it Mkayyyy Poop is coming to an end Ah well I've figured out where the mysterious fridge noise is coming from Dong put a plastic bag of mochi in there and it's wrapped around the ice maker and stuck now Time to play another round of "how do I tell dong" Awks...did you already talk to her about the toilet stuff? Yuppp Also, I'm subbing in for Christina for the research study on Thursday! Haha yup she told me! Free moneyssss Aish I feel bad cuz I've told dong a couple things lately about cleaning up I don't want her to think I'm being mean sigh ): Just saw a girl wearing a shirt that said "tofu bishes" Wat Sounds like an Asian dance crew And I'm sure it'll be fine with dong! Maybe wait a little while to talk to her about the latest? Lol But the noise ;___; I tried to take it out myself but couldn't Hooray she got most of it out It’s still making a small whine tho... Urgh I have the world’s worst headache right now...hoping it’s not a hangover from the wine? Why can’t we hang anymore Ohman I hope it's not from the wine ): I feel fine tho Also it definitely smells like shrimp in here haha LOL another smell for me to comment on when I come back Hahahahha Also you're so right about dexter getting way too lucky Like when this kid saw him and the sketch was of Jesus not dexter LOL Omg right? This goes on for 7 MORE SEASONS Ohman yeah I wouldn't be able to handle that One time is ok Also they keep trying to humanize laguerta by showing her having emotions and stuff and I'm just like no she is a frog stop that Lmk if the gym is crowded rn? Nor too bad Are you free for lunch with me and Andi at noon ish tmw? Fairly sure you have class but I forget Weight training at 2 but maybe before it? He mentioned you guys wanted to go to ssg yakitori Nope Sushi gen Leaving at 12:15 tho so not sure if we'll be back by 2? Hmmmmm do you have reservations? ? They don't take them unless you make them a week ahead of time So nope I can ask if he's free Wednesday tho, is that better for you? Either works for me Lmk soon cuz falling asleep haha Nah just go without me! It’s fineee Heyo have you texted sandy yet to see if she's free for food after her recital? If not I'll do it now Whoops no Is it a sons kinda night? Oh don't forget, lab study at 4 in gfs! Yup! Do I need to brin anything? Nope Also where in gfs? 341 You could meet me in front of taper at 3:50 if you want? Meet here or gfs? Walking to gfs! I’m at gfs already! Upstairs 337 not 341 Oh ok Maybe cafe today? I'm tryna get Chris to be productive and go with me after sugarfish/his haircut today But if he can't i can get dropped off at a cafe cuz I need to write an essay haha Can't, I have a meeting 1-3 Oh ok It'll probly be at 3 anyway cuz their haircut is at 2 But I think I convinced him and pat Ooh okay lmk where you guys end up going and I might join you! Which ones have good wifi in your experience? It may be bourbon st again if that's ok haha cuz I remember their wifi being good Umm chimney's wifi is ok, cafe bene's is awful iirc I have never seen that before If I recall correctly? But yeah it sucks haha Yeah "if I remember correctly" lol Christina recommends cafe mak for food and good wifi, I've never been though http://www.harpersbazaar.com/culture/film-tv/news/a9787/emma-watson-belle-beauty-and-the-beast/ Oooohhhh he looks yummy Ooohhh yis Holy crap Chris and pat get their hair cut at the fanciest Korean salon I have ever seen It's SO NICE WTF What’s it called? Étude They gave me green tea and Madeleine's while I wait for them Yum How are Korean ppl so stylish holy I feel underdressed LOL What time yall getting to bourbon? I'll ask them once they're done Methinks around 3:10? Okay! Hooray just updated my photoshop version to have retina support, the blurry pixels were killing me Heading over, and yay! Ok I'm leaving soon! Could you check how much chicken broth is left? Yup About half the carton I would say The blue cheese was a success!! Omg knew it was the doctor boyfriend YES you found out Although they were hinting at it pretty heavily haha Aw laguerta is growing on me HOLY SHIT HE'S HIS BROTHER?!? I DID NOT IN A MILLION YEARS SEE THAT COMING Holy such a good finale ￼Goodnight LOLOLOL Oh my goodness LOL Disney parks? Confused Also yessss season one finale was so good It's a Disney app hahhahha Oh did you end up going to the Johnson thing? These men have somehow convinced me to pull an all-nighter for no reason I am going to regret this tmw... Also the hunger is here Haha aziz ansari’s madison square garden show is on netflix instant and its great I think it might be the same one we saw! Like same material Ooh heh yeah that would make sense So good haha Lol i thought i would miss dong if she moved out And then she started eating I literally just did a combination of side and death glare Ahaha did she see? Of course not She is busy Chomping Annihilating foodstuffs An ambulance passed by and i was grateful Are you gonna be home after class or Riley? Probably going to Riley’s after, why? Aw ok Holly and I were just talking and we realized we see each other more than we see you haha ): I know, I've been trying to spend more time at the apartment and get food with you guys every week or so You'll see lots of me over spring break though! Haha yeah but we kinda had to negotiate for that! Chloe and holly at it again OMG YES CHRISTINA AND I WERE JUST TALKING ABOUT THAT gahhhhh pretty bummed, actually ): Looolll cuz the whole point is to hang out together and stuff! especially when, for example, you made a compromise and are coming with us it would mean a lot if we could all hang out sigh ): btw I’m sorry if I’ve been on your case about not seeing you! I’m really really happy that you’re coming with us and I’m just starting to get sad and emotional about senior year and whatnot ): It's okay I understand (: it's just tricky to balance my time sometimes. But I miss you guys too and I'm so excited to spend the next few days together! Yossco fsho Wait where you at? Christina and I enjoyed that greatly LOL LOLOL I thought so Also we found the comfiest couch ever Are you guys done with the special exhibit? We're on the dance-floor side of the bar Wait where are you guys? Do you want to split a Costco thing of tilapia? There's like 6+ fillets for $10!! We can freeze it, it's just such a good deal ahh Actually imma split sole with Chloe! I got tilapia actually haha and Chloe and I are gonna split it, but if you wanna split 3 way lmk too! Ah if it's only 6 then I'll pass I'll check how many there are once i open it later, will let you know Also are we on for saturday for sure? Yes no? Sorry yeah! What time works for you? Riley and I can do anytime in the afternoonish Oh is he coming too? Anytime works I have no plans Actually I think I can go with holly tmw if you guys wanna spend time together Thanks that's thoughtful of you (: if Saturday is still better for you, we can definitely go like around 2pm! He and I will still spend the rest of the day together though Mk I'll ask holly and see what she says Oh if I go today are you still getting your sash done tmw? Asking so Christina knows if she should send me her design or not Hmm maybe have Christina send you hers, just in case I don't end up going Mk but remember that getting it done asap would be best cuz we need to lock down a time to take pictures soon Yup! Speaking of which, what’s a good upcoming weekend for you that i can tell matt? Oh and holly and i are going today former *for sure Oh btw sandy says it takes a week from now for it to be ready Hmmkay I think both this weekend and the next are good for me! As in, weekend of 28th and weekend of 4th Gotcha mk ￼Made Gordon Ramsay's scrambled eggs! Ooh how'd it go? They look yummy! Yummy tried to correct to...gunnysacks? What on earth is a gunnysack?? Sounds like something out of a dickens novel They were really good, and actually super easy/quick! Just need butter and creme fraiche Holy crap did you know food critics make around $80k a year?!? THATS HOW MUCH I'LL PROBLY START AT Dude wut Switching careers immediately Seriously tho.....I wonder if this is a thing I can do on the side So many seolleongtang o.o http://la.eater.com/maps/bone-broth-korean-los-angeles-koreatown-map-guide Wauw Ah goody looks like we've got the good sullungtang places covered Also I just got the best-priced salmon and sea bream at nijiya omg $6 each for HUGE pieces Whaaaaat were they on sale? Are you still there? Can you get me some? NAOM Cheap salmon yo quiero Shoot no I'm back alreadyb ! They weren't on sale which was so weird Ahhhh was so tempted to buy all the things I love the sawtelle nijiya!! Their selection is amazing Wanted red snapper but it wasn't previously frozen so I decided to be safe ): Oh and i had a really nice last 2 days having food adventures and exploring! Let’s do that sometime (: Check out some LA bucket list kinda places! Ah and just heard back from the last of the PhD programs, didn’t get into any. Was pretty bummed throughout the whole hearing back process, but I’m kinda ok about it now. Kinda feels like maybe this is how things were supposed to happen haha Aw man I'm sorry! But they're mad selective anyway so don't feel too bad! Plus you were on the younger/less experienced side and all How do you feel about the masters ones you got into? Ah well I’m pretty happy about them actually! They’re well-ranked and i was unsure about them at first, but i did more research on them and i feel a lot better I guess in my mind there was no way to go job-wise unless i got my phd, but i think i was wrong about that for I/O psych Do you come home tonight? Tomorrow! Riley's mom is leaving to Atlanta for 3 months this weekend, so we're having a goodbye dinner Didn't mean for that to come off as condescending, sorry Can we talk about this tomorrow night? You me and Christina? Yup sure Hmm would you rather split a sourdough loaf or ciabatta? If you're still ok with splitting K I got sourdough but I could return it later if you want the other? Oops I shouldn’t have requested $10 from you for drinks, forgot that you were drinking something cheaper Eh? Oh venmoooo Is there an un-request option? I can just cancel it. How much do you owe me though? 1 cherry bomb ($5) and one jack-ginger ($3.50) I think that was it, do you remember any others/ Ah okay. I have no idea about the rest of the night lol Hahaha same I remember paying for one round where i think you got a jack-ginger too? Yeah I think so? ￼ Loool dey aight Hahaa we just watched the nonono cat video in class Nice haha. Also 1.8k going to the GoT prescreen, holy shit...not sure if I’m down to camp out early enough to beat the hordes @__@ Jesus o__o Yeah no hahaha ￼ From 50cemt?? Looool Could I borrow your hair cutting things? Need to trim part of my bangs Yeah! They're under the sink in a denim-y looking bag I like how Andi texts us the exact same things hahaa Looll did he really And yeah it was definitely nice to be home (: especially on the night that Christina came back from her first show! Did the dog really attack Andi? LOL Yes LOL I mean I stopped it but it tried very hard It was so weird tho cuz it was perfectly fine until then LOL This is amazing https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=6w2UxDdhZPk Ooh can't watch now, but in a few hours Do you wanna get sushi today? Having cravings cuz of this hot weather or something There's one called sushi enya that holly showed me and it's really good! Spoiler alert, it’s a dog getting hit in the face with various food in slow motion LOLOL IVE HEARD OF THIS or like i keep seeing it pop up on newsfeed Excite And re: sushi, I’m planning to cook with Riley tonight but I’m down sometime later this week! Maybe Friday after the emb Ooh ok! Or we could just eat at sawtelle since it’s close to there *cough plan check teehee* But sushi sounds good too! OH there's that new burger place that Christina's been wanting to try, bachi burger! Also holy crap I was sweating like crazy after walking the dogs it was so gross Like I went in the shower and didn't even feel a difference except for temperature LOL Making the trek to KAP now Eeewww Meanwhile I’m drinking hot coffee because it was so cold in my lecture D: Are you serious wat 100% showering again today LOL they overbooked the experiment so I got $5 for showing up and left Kinda annoying tho cuz I wasn't allowed to eat or drink for 2 hours before it Omg yes I razored part of my bangs and it doesn't look terrible And after 22 years I have FINALLY figured out how to blow dry my bangs so they're swept to the side ish!! The mistake was trying to do it with a flat iron Shoot we have to turn in a hard copy of our paper for film next week Hopefully holly’s going and can turn it in for me? Also I'm devastated that boba truck isn't open today, was looking forward to it so much ))): WAIT JK OMG YES they decided to come to USC after all!! ￼ They totally copied us Wait so is boba truck here? Jk checked their Twitter. Yay! I'm going now if you haven't yet Yesss going now! Just left ahaha Here with dong! I meant I left boba truck lol, I'm already back at gateway It's so hot today my god Finished my large drink on the walk back because it was so hot Ohhh LOL We'll join you at the 90! Yay ok! Are you home? I stopped at Holly's reed room on the way Her reed stash lol Bet she has the dankest reed there And no haha we went back to Riley's to drop off our backpacks. We'll meet you there! What time you gonna leave gateway? Oh ok! Hmm probly in 10? Leaving gateway now! I'll meet you outside the 90? Yeah sounds good! Booking uber and heading over now Here! Us too I saw u Wait wat Offside sports, closes at 5 We left wurstkuche, fyi. At pie hole, going to another bar after Oh ok! We'll be leaving in like 10? I'll ask you where you're at when we leave Where you at? Bar 82, on 4th place I think it's listed on yelp as Eighty Two Are you here yet/inside? We're in line In the courtyard area! Where are you? Headed back home? We must boiling crab soon heheh Oooh yes!! Wait maybe that for grad dinner? LOL LOOL That's wayyy too messy haha plus everyone might not like seafood? I know haha I was mostly kidding. But it would be hilarious LOL agreed Hm I was thinking, what about backhouse? It's new so I feel like ppl don't really know about it yet Oh that’s a really good idea! Can you call them? Or I can EMC could be an option too Yeah! The only problem would be that it's hard to share cuz it's like individual skewers Hmm, well let’s try and get a room/table there anyway just in case Yup! Sounds good I'm navigating for holly rn but I can call later? I’ll just call them now! Yay ok! Okay never mind they let me reserve a party of 16 through open table! 7pm on 5/15 Wow yay! They have a lot of space so that's good Yayayayy Made a reservation at EMC at 8pm as well lolol Okay we’re not screwed, I was starting to get worried LOL yay! And yeah I was seriously worried too EMC is really nice! I'm surprised it's not booked Oh jesus dong is back and eating very loudly Chomp chomp snompf naom slurp Nu staph Staph LOL Oh my god I just had dinner and am singing drunkenly with kitty from arrested development Wowowoow Should I leave with "Say goodbye to THESE" ? She probly gets that a lot haha Haha true. But she sounds exactly the same in real life lol We're in van nuys right now! Do you and riles want to come swim at the lorenzo later? Ooh maybe! What time? Riles is busy in meetings today but I might be down Hmm maybe around 4:30? We're at a Japanese garden thing rn but we'll probly leave within an hour There is a random Persian festival going on at the park nearby LOL We might go for funsies Jk it costs $10 LOL what does a Persian festival even entail Persian food and music! Hahaha Alrighty we're heading back from van nuys, want us to pick you up from gateway so we can swim? :D Also I found an actual Indian grocery store and they had lamb samosas!$ We can make them tonight if you're home :D they're my favorite kind!! Hopefully this brand is good Oooh that sounds so good! I'm actually at the new starbucks haha, let me know when you guys are 10 min away and I'll head back Mk! Also I just washed my hair so I probably won't legit swim Aww ok I needa wash my hair anyway so I shall swim I think Yayayay 10 min away! Okie Do we have corn flour or Pablo? Panko LOL I have panko, spice cabinet Mk! Thankkks Oh wait is it ok to use some LOL Haha yeah! Also is the beach thing still happening this weekend? Lemme ask! I might be getting brunch with some people Saturday morning but I’ll be free after that! Otherwise Sunday works too Hm ok! What time do you think you’d be done with brunch? Not sure, I’ll ask Could you give my bangs a small trim before Friday plz? Sure! Tonight? Yas! Ooh also do you still have any rosemary you’re tryna use up? Otherwise i shall buy I think I do actually! Ooh yay! Oh also I’m asking around for a white dress for you LOL I was so sure chloe would have one I was wrong Gonna ask holly once she gets to class LOL aww thanks! Ahaha okie lmk Maybe Sandy will pull through Ooh yeah that too! So chloe does have a lot of white blouses And a “poop ton of blue” I needa go to ralphs tonight anyway LOL, so I’m wondering if maybe we can go forage in her closet tonight? Also I just downloaded myfitnesspal, and immediately realized that a parody app called myfatnesspal would be the best thing ever HAHAHAHAHAHAHA WAIT DO IT PLS Giggled in WPH upstairs study hall thing The fobs are staring Worth it Whatchu think of going over there later? Sure lessdoit Yeeeee What times good for ya I was hoping to mooch some nude heels off her Alas, she has none I'm literally doing nothing all evening sooo whenever haha Oh holly has none? ): Oh nvm you meant for the heels, I thought holly responded about the white dress Nah she’s not here yet I feel like she might have one! Oh mann she doesn’t know where it is Sooooooo i am looking at spanx on amazon rn Haha no stop that's for old people But it sounds so useful ;____; I’ve done it I’ve done the thing Wanna do boiling point with me and holly? On our way back! 2 min away! Here! Oh okie coming down! I think I'm gonna go to the shelter today so I'll pass on Lyon center! OHOH do you want to meet a dog?? I'm gonna take them to run now and I was gonna bring one near fresh and easy! If you're awake LOL Haha nah I have class soon but have fun! Aww ok You should meet them sometime before we graduate! There's a small husky/GSD mix that I think you'd really like She's like...cheerio size I'm imagining breakfast cereal size lolol LOOOL The cereal that bites back Do you feel like getting coffee by any chance? I’m seriously craving it, like a cold brew or something eeeeep. Needa stay up for essay writing Just got done at the gym so probably not haha, also I already had coffee today Ah ok! http://i.imgur.com/xM13WU5.gifv LOOOL just saw this Also this British girl on dexter is so annoying ugh His sponsor person in NA Australian maybe http://www.reddit.com/r/LasVegas/comments/30yji7/dear_xs_las_vegas_i_almost_committed_suicide_last/ This is fucking RIDICULOUS Like how fucking entitled can you be, wow. I saw my friend like this girl’s post on fb cuz she’s friends with her on something? And i felt bad when i read the title, and then i read the whole thing. What. An. Idiot. Omg she sounds so stupid What a fucking immature piece of shit Damn, haven’t heard you cuss like that in a long time But seriously..... Haha idk why stuff like that infuriates me like no other Just a little reminder to pick up your sash! Yup gonna go get it tomorrow Hehehehehehehehh my spanx has arrived LOL What time for dinner you think? Leave around 8? Mkay! Are we gonna meet up at home? Nah I'm already at road to Seoul Also dyou think we'll come home between dinner and going out? ￼ ￼ Oh btw ramen is at 12! Yup yup What about Abel? Christina said hao was taking you, her, and Lisa Oh I assumed he's coming cuz what else would he do? Lemme heck with Christina We need 2 cars then, I can drive Thank you! ￼Hehe WAIT OMG NO this one is so much better http://i.imgur.com/SnCmVe1.gifv LOOOOL Is that the bunny island in Japan? ￼ You suree you don't wanna go? Class until 5 and I was gonna go run at the track after that Matt's willing to meet up and give us the photos but he's busy during all the times I'm free. He suggested you bring a drive to class tomorrow Is that okay with you, or would you rather not deal with him? I'd rather not, but if it's the only way that's fine! So yeah I can do it (: Yay! Yeah I just wanted to get it taken care of asap before he changes his mind lol Thanks a bunch Yup! And yeah I agree haha Might interest you https://www.reddit.com/r/books/comments/31q4o3/name_me_a_book_that_ripped_your_heart_out_then/ The time traveler's wife is on there! Ooohhhh I shall look at it asap At free food event rn Man you know it's bad when gateway wifi is better than campus wifi... Wtf really? Yeah dude Ahhh yayayay confirmed that my columbia scholarship is real LOL But yayayaay!! It’s merit based so phew, possibility of  extending it to next year too Why do the lannisters have such big beds? Because...who has incest on a twin sized bed?! Haha idk Because they push two twins together to make a king  Which is what you did LOL Hehehheheheh Eeeenteresting, apparently arrested development is coming back for a 5th season Man we have so many shows to catch up on! Community and AD Also I feel like you would love this haha. 2nd place winner at LA Hacks http://challengepost.com/software/kickback Ooh yeah the community eps I saw with Abel were pretty good! Watch today? Shall check the link and the link from yesterday once I get home Need any goods from fosheezy? I'm getting green onion Which do you think is worse for you, spam or pancetta? Nah I'm good. And hmm I'd guess spam? More sodium/weird preservative chemicals haha Hmm true Is it ok if I finish off the ikura? Yeah of course ￼ Could I borrow a pair of your light wash shorts?? I'm going with Chris to try and sneak into Coachella tmw LOL Oh yeah! Borrow the ones in my hanging shelves Light wash, America pockets Awesome, thanks! Murica How's da bae gas We're playing hide and seek at a Mandalay bay suite lmfao LOOOL That is the best use of a suite I have ever heard of ￼ LOL Heeheehee Ooh let’s have the samosas before class! Oh right! forgot about those Lmk when you’re back at gateway! Chillin in the lobby Be back in 10! Are Brussels sprouts good at lemonade? The flavor is really good but they’re a little undercooked for my taste. I like my brussels sprouts soft  Idk I feel like there's a sex joke somewhere in there Gurl you make my sprout go from wilted to turgid I am tipsyyyy Meh 2 The guy next to me is mouth-breathing so hard Ohh jk it’s guy in the back sleeping Whaa where did the giant spinach go?? Hidden behind the brita Ohhh LOL Hey where's the place that you got your sash done? It's called Patsy's embroidery, on Vermont across from manas Dyou wanna go dress shopping sometime? Kinda dow to buy a dress for grad I was actually planning to swing by a place today, but if I don't get something there yeah I'm down! Ohh ok! Ooh how’s this in white? http://www.tobi.com/product/56879-tobi-anyway-the-wind-blows-dress?color_id=79487 Wanted something less form-fitting than my current one Ah okay I was gonna say, it seems really baggy haha Also tobi things are terrible quality in general LOL Dont care too much hahaha The only thing is see looks kinda pregnant from the side I know but it'll probably look cheap And if it looks baggy/sack-like on the model in the photo, it will definitely look even more sack-like in real life ))))): In my experience with tobi Dangit Their products are so hit and miss... I've been duped far too many times haha But they do have free return shipping so you could always just return it if it doesn't work out! Danger i got excited hahahaha Oh yeah true! *dangit Its consolation prize, i bought this $2 one LOL http://www.tobi.com/product/51635-tobi-tia-strapless-dress?color_id=69823 Might as well just order a couple and return whichever ones don't work Lololol wtf? I thought 2 was a typo when you wrote that I KNOW RIGHT I bought it immediately My cheap ass could not resist First thing i’ve bought in like a year LOL I bet it's bait Like they bait you with the $2 dress and then you start adding other things to your cart, since you're placing an order anyway Their marketers are so smart Nope i just bought that one on its own LOL Since there’s free shipping, it cam out to $2.18 LOL I WIN But jk I’m still browsing the site for more dresses Just bought that one immediately cuz i figured it would sell out soon I think i shall get this one! http://www.tobi.com/product/58879-tobi-candace-skater-dress?color_id=84292 That one seems like it has a better chance of fitting well Oh also, are you/Chris coming to theta chi party tonight? If chris is coming, Riley can put him on the list Slash any other guys who might want to come Also what color did you get the $2 dress in, I might get one too lmfao Jk just noticed that the other two colors are $58. Wtf is happening?!?! Haha yeah!only the lilac one is $2 I liked the mint one a lot haha Ah and I don't think so cuz he has to do his iOS thing, but I'll ask him! Kk let me know I bought a dress! But you and I should come back to this place, they have lots of cute stuff Aw Chris can't go Yay but ok! I might still drop by and hang out with you Yay (: I'll let you know if it seems super dead...lol LOL thanks! Omg Ben problem child FORREAL How is the thing? Hasn't started yet ￼Dress I bought today! It's quite floral Oooh I like it a lot!! I was looking at a really similar one online too! Did you buy anything other than the $2 one? Not yet! Added a couple to my shopping bag tho https://41.media.tumblr.com/75163f36e14d67832f77cc1aeb3c823c/tumblr_nk734vfm2X1qd5gfao1_500.jpg I think i’m gonna stay home, but thanks! Okay np! Walking behind a corgi shiba mix right now! It's pretty cute Pics?? Corgi shiba mix sounds like it would have an excellent but Butt Haha I looked down to text you and by the time I looked up, they had disappeared So elusive :o Ew dexters sister looks so bad with short hair I know right?! She looked perfectly fine last season Riley and I are at kazu nori! Delish Also, I had to look up EVOO lol Thought it was a weird evolution of eevee LOL Ooh and did you like it? I really liked it for the price! Yeah! 3 hand rolls for only 10.50, I approve Happy birthday!! You're getting dinner with parents + riles right? Where are you guys going? :O And do we see you today or are you gonna be busyyy? Wondering if there's time for bday treats or anything Yeah I'm sleeping at the apartment tonight! And we're going to some African French place called The Briks? Lol idk my dad found it. Looks yummy though Birthday treats sounds fun (: I'll let you know when we're headed back from dinner! Aw yay! Yup just thought it'd be nice, but we should all sleep early cuz we hafto get up at 7 LOL Ugh yeah Oh and I won't be back til after film anyway, so no rush! Aw man tell me what film it is! I'll be so bummed if it's avengers haha Hmm i have a feeling it might be cuz he said we'd be watching another Disney one and marvel is owned by Disney But maybe we'll watch it next week! Waaah I think it comes out this weekend so probably not It comes out may 1st I think! So there's hope! It's really big so I feel like they wouldn't risk showing it too far ahead of time? Good news, it's not avengers! We're watching it next week, confirmed! Is it cool if i invite chris for the billiards/bar part of the night? (: He may be too busy to come at all, but just checking in! I told riley not to count him for reservations for anything tho cuz he’s iffy Oh of course! ￼ I found vesuvio pasta at the Italian store! oooooh buy buy! Weird, i remember not finding it at eataly! Their meats and cheeses are so good too Theres no dress code right LOL Oh also, when you come over for pregame, could you bring the big bag of ice in our freezer? Ohman can we do a meat and cheese night Oh and yup! And no haha I'm wearing a sweater and jeans Yes to the meat night omg They had this really interesting "camemzola" mix of Camembert and Gorgonzola Oooooh that sounds so good Can you buy it? Oh we're already back haha, I bought it for his mom though But let's go back! Yesyesyes asap! It’s close? Meh, culver city 