http://www.buzzfeed.com/mrloganrhoades/26-of-the-finest-acting-moments-in-infomercial-history hahahahaahahahahah Any chance you're free to pick me and riley up from the airport around 6:30 or 7? Nooo kiuel meeting and then church!  Sorryyyy No worries we shall cab it LOL http://www.buzzfeed.com/rachelzarrell/sexist-barbie-book-is-sexist 💩 Let's 🍗🍖 soon 🐔 Happy bday yo! Thanks dude 👍 How long til you're out of class? Also we're wondering if or might be better to go to ktown instead of downtown because I called the standard and sixth st tavern and they both said they're open and nothing is blocked, so it's still an optio Class til 9:30 But if we'd rather not deal with all that, we can do lock and Key (La kinky) in ktown Yeah let's just do that Do they have food? Yep it's really good! No rooftop though :/ Is the KIEUL clothing drive already running? I have lots of stuff to drop off! Oh also I remember you saying something about getting a table for Microsoft during E-week - any other details? Tryna sen Yes!!! There's a box in RTH OHHH kick off carnival would be the event the table would be at.  Feb 23 early evening It's the starting event to e week.  Lots of tables and game booths hosted by student groups.  One of the most highly att Aiteeee thanks My car battery died ARGH.  Sometime Monday night do you think I could get a jump start from you or something Oh no! I don't know if I have jumper cables but sure I think I do.  Is the Prius battery weird?  It'll still work right? Never mind lol just gonna call AAA Ah sorry didn't realize you needed them so soon! Did you get it taken care of? Oh I didn't!  But I called my dad and asked what the best thing to do would be and he said to call AAA whenever and have Probably gonna call Monday after my final Ah okay. Let me know if you still need a jump, prius battery should work fine Nah it's ok.  Don't really need to go anywhere til Friday Can I borrow your Mickey Santa hat?  Lol And if so where is it haha Be home in like 2 min Were you able to print stuff for hacksc at gateway Yeah in the main study room, not the leasing office Ok cool.  Thanks grrrrrl Tried 3 different computers and none of them worked 😑 Hello Hello Hello Actually I'm just gonna cook at home since you'll be gone for lunch! No rush Oh ok cool (: Heading back now! 3500 W 6th St, Ste 101, Los Angeles, CA 90020 First pap smear is at 2.  So scaredddd 😭 You'll be fine! It only lasts like a minute 👍 It just sounds uncomfortable And unpleasant I'm a weenie IT WAS TERRIBLE GEEZ Probably cuz it's all tight and not stretchy Nooooo ): I guess it did kinda hurt a little at first... I don't remember it being that bad though Nooo it hurt a lot Did you do it after you had sex??? Maybe because I had sex before I had my first one Yeah Yeah dude It hurt when she just stretched it out A LOT And then she poked and probed Aw man I'm sorry I didn't realize it would be that bad haha But they're super important! Always good to have peace of mind that everything is ok down there haha I know I know I think I expected it to be a lot faster But she just kept doing painful thing after painful thing What was that website you used to download books? Errr something like libgen.org? .net? Not sure Thanks!  Lol did you move your towel to Riley's? No it's on my bed I think I bought 2 packs of TP...can you venmo me $10? Yep! 👍👍👍👍💩💩💩 Who was in charge of printing the little flyers on cardstock for hack sc?  We wanna do something like that for e week bu Hmm talk to Ruyan! Where are you guys? Library Where are you?? We're probably gonna go down soon anyway so you should just stay there Lol Riley's in a class that seems to be entirely about Imagineering Whaaaat what class is that? You can start without me!  I'm popping Pooping* Poppin pills on the toilet Lol Heading over to coj soon! Mkay! It’s nice and peaceful right now haha no crowd Yessss be there in 10 Riley’s roommate’s gf works for Disney and is taking us on Saturday, so maybe we’ll see you guys there! I think we're getting lunch at the mexican place in frontierland if you guys wanna meet up! We're in line right now =\ famous Andrew only eats at pizza port Hahaha picky like a true celebrity In line for a ride What are your plans for the rest of today? We're kind of just playing it by ear!  Doing tomorrowland rides right now then we might go to the other park.  And we go How bout you guys? Got fast passes for space mountain, eating at frontierland now. I think we'll probably play it by ear too Did yall leave already? No but we're about to!  Why? We're gonna go chill at Disneyland for a while, just wondering if you were still around Ahhh yeah we're heading out now Maybe we'll run into you on the walk back lol We watched fantasmic and I was trying to imagine that the Mickey on the boat was you LOL LOL That darn head.  Did you see the dancing monkeys at the beginning??? I put $6 on your desk for the $5.80 I owe you for vegas.  You can keep the 20 cents lol Omg so generous of you I know!  It's your lucky day! Are you going to chipotle? Oops just got back! Sorryyyy 😩 Haha no worries!  I went to gogi with my disney friend and have leftovers So I was gonna ask you to put them in the fridge with me but I shall just take it with me Can I give you money to buy two viterbi ball tickets for meeee? Or should I stop by haha Haha you have to buy your own ticket this year.  New policy Aw okay. How soon do you think they'll sell out? Hmm I'm guessing by the end of next week?  Idk, it's hard to tell...we've already sold 65 just from today's sales Which is kind of a lot For the first day at least Haha aite I'll stop by tomorrow Can you email Demi to make your table official?  deminguy@usc.edu Ye ye ye Thanksssss Yay you can tell Microsoft you're doing something!  BAHAHA Do you ever notice the exact same dude sitting at one of the power-outlet-accessible tables in RTH? Haha possibly...it might be someone I know LOLOLOL What does he look like? White guy with dark blondish hair...idk how else to describe him He always sits at the outlet table farther from the cash registers I’m peeking around the corner super sneakily to wait for him to leave so I can steal his spot Going to coj if you wanna join! Lol would it be weird if I went to coj again LOL nah I needa study too but I think I'll go somewhere else I have a meeting at 5:30 in gateway so can't really go too far lolllll oh COJ Wanna go to rewts? Ohhhh Yeah I'm down Lol sorry for the late response.  Watching khan academy Ballet co Amazebowls fundraiser today! Mention "support the arts" 😊 I saw Alex jones and remembered you hooked up with him and lol'ed inside Nooooooooooooo Repressed memories Is yours the beef one or the pork and chicken? They're finally back Lol...20 minutes later Omg Riley and I are in an uber and the driver is listening to some analysis of the bible It's so hard no to laugh PERFECT "God wants to invite us into a relationship because we are his children. Teach us to pray." Hahahahahahaha "Maybe it's the tears that are rolling down your cheeks. Knowing that you have a father, who will never know you; never Omg So dramatic I can't make this shit up Omg Stanley came over to hang out and I didn't recognize him...I feel so bad ): :o http://www.kcet.org/living/food/the-nosh/have-you-eaten/guide-filipino-food-in-los-angeles.html Dude I was looking at that the other day Let’s go to the one in known! Ktown* Where you at? Let's take a picture together! I'm by the dance floor Where are you??? Photo booth! Are you coming home?  Or straight to Riley's? Already at Riley's, why? Ohhhh we weren't sure.  Ankita threw up on the bus ride back 😞 She's fine though.  She wasn't even that drunk It was a Christina type throw up ): We must be getting too old for alcohol How is she? She's totally fine now She just showered.  I think she's gonna go to Chris's Mm okay. You and Matt yang are fine yeah? And Chris is good to take care of her? Yup yup.  Yeah.  She's honestly fine though!  Not even drunk or anything Are you free thursday at 4? I told Ankita I would help out with a research study thing but now I just found out there's a poster session for my rese I don't wanna flake out on her cuz she already told her supervisor I was going so I was thinking maybe you could go in m Lol Oops How long is it? I think I'm free! She said 50 mins to an hour Does that work? Yeah I think that's fine, what do I have to do? Yay thanks!  Ummm pretty sure it's just simple language stuff Haha okay I'll tell her I'm down Just did! Gonna watch parks and rec Lol Yay! Haha let me know if you like it 💩 Aw man I need to pee YA SNOOZE YA LOSE Planning my europe trip right now, have any tips for stuff to see/do in Barcelona? Hmmm I only spent a weekend in Barcelona so definitely not an expert lol But for sure visit la sagrada familia! Unfinished church? Yup lol The inside is reallyyyyy cool Oooh okay! Other than that I don't have much else lol drink sangria and eat paella LOL already on the agenda 👍 What browser do you use? Tryna fix the font loading issue on my website Chrome! Hmm. Is it an old version? It might be!  Don't think I've updated it since I installed it Is it ok if I close your laptop? As in put the lid down Wait where'd you guys go? Oh lol Chloe thought you discussed splitting up? Ohhh I think Ankita meant split up from blair's group. But if you guys are already on your way then it's chill! But if you wanna meet up we can meet you at the staircase No we're waiting for holly to finish peeing We're planning on doing all the stuff on the back of the brochure..."what to see in an hour" So when Holly's done we're gonna head back up So you're not going to the embroidery place tomorrow? I probably will, but I'd send your designs to Ankita just in case my plans end up changing She's going today though and I won't have it ready before she leaves 😬 I'll just send it to you and if you don't end up going we'll go together some other time? Yeah was about to say the same thing. Sounds good 👍 Soooo sandy says they ask a lot of questions when you drop off the sash, even if you bring in a picture, so I think I'd So if you don't go tomorrow I shall go with you later this week' Okie! Done with your design yet? I'm planning on going tomorrow! I decided to go myself, remember? Cuz I wanna be there Let's go togetherrrr Cuz I can't parallel park...lol Oh okay! Didn't realize you for sure wanted to go later But yeah that sounds good! What time do you wanna go tomorrow? Hmm, let's leave at 4? Get dinner after we're done? 👍👍👍 No meat for me though 😬 Wait what time does the place close? Wait does sushi count as meat? Nope! (: Yay! And idk, ask Ankita? I don't even know the name of the place lol Ahahaha me neither Oh they close at 5 So we should probably leave before 4 Cuz traffic...lol Mkay, I'll hurry back from my meeting haha What time is your meeting over? 3 But I think I can leave early if we need to Eh we should be ok if we leave right around 3 or a little after Sooo what time?  Lol Ankita is asking I thought we settled on shortly after 3? Ohhhh ok lol just making sure And you don't mind driving, right?  I can't parallel park lollllll LOL I don’t think I’m much of an improvement But sure I can drive No trust me lol I can't do it at all Walking back from meeting! 👍 Ended up going to the new starbucks to scout it out :P How is it??? Seems like wifi is working fine on my phone Pretty crowded though But not on your computer? Are the outlets working?  That was also one of the yelp complaints lol Oh idk I didn't bring my laptop But I see some people with laptops plugged in, so maybe only some of them work? Interesting.  I'll have to check it out Maybe that's why this one is less crowded lolol Also I intentionally sat at a table farther away from where the line forms, but people stopped lining up where they're s Where are you sitting? It's so crowded today I'm about to leave lol Class at 2 Oh can I steal your table? I'm sitting with Lisa I'll ask Oh I see you guys She says you can sit here Can I possibly borrow one of your black dresses for Friday photoshoot? Haha!  I haven't even decided what I'm wearing But yeah you can use whatever I don't wear I'm doing a laundry load of towels! Want me to throw yours in? Lol sure Thanks! ￼ ￼ Do you have a meeting right before we take pics? Yeah why? Poops.  My hair is in need of straightening lol Ankita wasn't feeling well this morning or last night =\ lolol I'll just Haha okay, feel free to use my straightener! My meetings not done til 3 If you're still interested in SSG Hao is taking me and Ankita and maybe Lisa at 12 Yeah I'm still in! I'll drive too in case hao's car ends up being full? Abel is coming too Lisa is gonna drive too so we should all fit in his car Lol I gave a lab tour to some girl from barker Harper HARKER Hahah nice who was it Some intense indian girl And he mom Her* Lololol sounds about right Are you going to coj Yeah sure Lol ok I'll meet you there?  should be there in 10 Yep yep! Ok see you soon Did you leave already? Haha no, why? Walking by gateway now lol was gonna see if I should just wait for you downstairs or something Meh, we’ll both be there in like 5 min anyway. Packing up now Ok see yaaaa If I get chicken will you split it with meeeee I’m tempted ￼ Omg I want a jasmine milk tea with boba so badly I’ll split it with you LOL so you feel less fat This chicken is making me thirsty for sure Sigh.  I'll just get us water Must resist ￼ Lol ￼ Can you make it??? Someone needs to come!!!!!!!! Lol I can! He didn't check in with me... Stupid Calvin bit.ly/KIUELChoiceAwards2015 Can you RSVP?  Lol Just messaged Janice, Christina Chu, and brian kim Thanks friend!!! Janice replied saying she can come, should I wait for the others to reply before I RSVP? Yeah just wait Lol wonder what mysterious peo People Calvin supposedly asked I know right LOL Omg cream gave me a sheet! Yay!!! Haha YESSS Lifesavers Does your car have a sun shade thingy, and if so, is it the super shiny kind? My mom doesn't have a reflector for photos so we were wondering if that could work instead lol LOL yeah it's like aluminum foilish Yeah perfect! Can you bring it on Friday morning? LOL Hahaha yup will do! Awards moved to RTH 211 Please spread the word! Okie! I might be a little late, sorry! Lol it's ok Janice will be there I think Ok...tell her 211! Jk Baum student center across from CED Do you still want me to bring my car shade foil thing Friday morning?  Doesn't look like it'll be sunny Mm let's wait until tomorrow night to decide? Happy birthday apesssss (: can't wait to celebrate with you Saturday night! Thanks homie <3 ￼ Help lol Do his texts even make sense 