Busy now? No just going they your photos Thru Your pictures are mostly food with a few sceneries scattered within True Can you call me FaceTime with no video? I don't know how to do it from my phone Wait I picked up and it disconnected me Did you hear the ring? It says "connecting" I'm hanging up. Try again? Wth, I am tring video Now video doesn't work either... Can we just Skype? Yes! I'm online I forgot what my old account username was. Can you remind me? Or, you can give me your username and I'll add you from my new acct helene.deng Okay added you I saw You have two iPhones. Your own 4s has a badly cracked screen. You are using my 4 right now. What's the condition of that Yours is fine other than the small dead pixel spot from when you dropped it Got it Is your broken iPhone 4S the one that has screen replaced? Yes I think so I think I broke it again after I replaced the screen Ok that was purchased on 11/3/2011 I think. Was Xmas present? I don't remember. Probably? I got free parking for next year! What?! What did you do? ;) Just kidding, they had a special today for no apparent reason. I just got lucky and happened to ask them about it at the right time That is SOME luck! Also, they assigned us to stay in the same room next year, so I don't have to move my stuff to storage! Yay!!! Let's hope you still get the single! Sara's family will be in Seattle memorial weekend. We are thinking about going hiking with them. You have a choice of gong with us and Annie or stay home alone. Let me know. Wait you guys are going to Seattle? We haven't bought tickets yet but would like to. Do you have a conflict? I'm booking flights and hotel this week so please let me know your plan. Are you free to talk tonight? Or anytime in the next couple hours Sorry we were in the city. Can you talk now? Yeah sure I'll call you in a sec Actually can you Facetime audio me, so the connection uses wifi? Hold on a sec. Let me find wifi first. We are in marriot. Oh okay! Happy Mother's Day mom! Thanks! Just leaving Riley's house now, should be home around 10? Where r u now? 一个人开车要小心！ Gilroy! yah! See you in an hr. What's the website you said I may like? xkcd.com Got it thanks! When do you want to go phone shopping? Call me You can go yourself I don't know what to buy! Do I just to go to an AT&T store and buy a brand new iPhone and then switch out the SIM card? Go to westgate's AT&T store and tell them you want a iPhone 5s with no money down. They will switch the number and sync Scheduled dr basham for 12:20 tomorrow Who is basham? Los olivos women's medical group On my way to mt view. Got my msg? Yeah we are in redwood city right now Next stop mountain view I parked at front Do we have my birth certificate at home? Either at home or safety deposit box. What you need it for and when? Where are you? For fivestars hr paperwork, since I don't have my passport I'm at Derek's house They need original? "Original or certified copy of birth certificate issued by a state, county, municipal authority, or territory of the Uni Do you expect me home for dinner? Yes! I make pasta and cod. Come home now! Dad will be home by 7:30 If Derek's parents away, he is welcome to dinner too! He says no thanks but I'm on my way home Viktor's mobile: 472-3280 https://db.tt/Pf4WVXcH Which train are you getting on? I need to plan dinner accordingly. At an intern welcome bbq, I'll probably leave in half an hour? Don't wait up You don't need dinner? Coming back now, I ate a little bit there but I'll need actual food when I get back Just got on the train, arrives at Lawrence at 9:57 I'll pick you up from mt view Oh okay Almost at mv Parked at same place In Prius This $50 iPhone app is free for a limited time - guitar lessons: rock prodigy What's the limit on my credit card? I might need to use it for rent, since my debit card doesn't seem to be working Let me check $4000 you can call to ask for an increase of credit limit. Just put in a request for $8000 for you. $5300 is automatically approved. But beyond that needs review. Stay tuned. Okay sounds good let me know Getting on the 8:40 train so I'll be in mountain view around the same time as last night Got it We'll be a bit late. Please wait up. How late? Will be leaving in 5-10min. Are you ok? Yeah no problem Just got here, waiting on a bench at the station On our way Here Leaving the office now, will probably reach mv at 7:36 Actually the bus never showed up so I'll miss that one. Taking the one that leaves at 7:56 Oops I meant 6:56, arrives mv at 7:50 K Planning to arrive at mountain view at 5:56. Perfect Can you recommend a lunch place for Sara and me in the city on Wed? Which part of the city? I'm in Moscone ctr but restaurants nearby should be crowded. Since Sara has a car, a 10-15min driving distance is prefer On the train yet? Yep See you at mt view. Are you here? Riley's flight got delayed a lot so I still haven't left yet. Probably picking him up around 11 Got it. Are you on your way back? Are you up yet? Dad and I are having coffee in LG downtown. Yeah we just got up like half an hour ago Do you have dinner plan or you are coming home for dinner? Similar price range to AQ, what do you think? http://www.bakerandbanker.com/index.php/site/menu/ Or here http://radiussf.com/menus/ Or here! http://www.richtablesf.com/css/menus/dinner.pdf Which one is easier to get to? Or easier to find parking nearby. I think the parking situation is pretty much the same for all three - yelp reviews say you just have to get lucky and fi I’ll call during lunch and see where I can get a reservation Radius is close to both of us, we can walk to our parking which is on mission and 6-7th. Where is the last one? Name is rich table? Last one is Rich Table in Hayes Valley, which is a little farther Got a reservation at Rich Table for 4 people at 8pm, none of the other places have called me back yet. If we decide on s When are you planning on leaving the city? Should I eat dinner at the office? Plan to leave around 6 -6:30. Maybe not full dinner at office. An earlier reservation on Wed is more preferable but if only 8 is available it's ok. 8pm was the only time they had I think, but I can double check with them later Leaving Moscone ctr Okay just finishing up at work. When will you get here? In 5min ok? Sure Waiting outside Across the str What’s the fastest way to ship something? I need to mail my keys to gateway by Friday Also, moved rich table reservation to 6:15 tomorrow Fedex is fastest but expensive. USPS small box is only $5, if you ship today it may get there by Friday. We leave around 8:30-45 tomorrow ￼￼ What do you think? For you or me? The strap is a little too flashy I think For me. For dinner or evening like a clutch? Did you mail your key yet Doing it now When are you picking me up? Leaving parking lot. See you in 5m? I'll wait at curbside across the str. Okay What's your plan tonight? Catch the 12:01am train home, which arrives at Lawrence at 1:18am? The next earliest one is 10:40, which I’m not sure I’ll be able to make. We’re drinking at the marina which is pretty fa What about your friends? They’ll take care of themselves Don't think mid-night train is an option. Either you skip this one or I'll  go pick you up. Okay I’ll catch the 10:40, is that okay? Gets to mountain view at 10:48 and lawrence at 11:57 Don't be late. It's 45 min to an hr bus from marina to Caltrain. Or you can call a uber. I think we’ll stay and drink in soma instead, which is much more convenient. If your friends take Bart, then it's ok if you ride Bart to Fremont. We'll pick you up from there. Change of plans, I think I’ll just come home instead. I don’t think people will get to SF early enough for me to catch t I’ll hang out with them another time Ok. Let me know when you get on the train. Aiming to catch the 7:30 which arrives at mv at 8:38 Where are you? Fantasia. Should I come home? Sure. Dinner in 30-46 min Get condensed milk Can you turn the ice machine on? It's on Remind me, how much data are we sharing on the new plan? 2g. Why? Wait seriously? 2gb total for all 3 of us? I've already used 1.7gb in the current period according to my phone We don't have the login info for wifi yet so I'm wondering if I can hotspot from my phone Your phone doesn't know what it's talking about. ￼ Yeah that can't be right, it also says 38.3mb roaming in the current period which is leftover from london You used to have only 300m, 2g is a lot! Phone doesn't know your billing cycle so what it considers a period is something else. Oops sorry I used 90% to create a hotspot just now :( wifi should get resolved tomorrow though hopefully! I see you used 1g tonight. We have 54m left for three of us till 16th. Good job April! Sorry :(((( That's ok. It'll be $15 for another 1g. Just don't do hotspot again. Can you call me when you are free? Is now a good time? What about this? ￼ It’s closed from midnight to 8:30am right? Does close mean no attendant to check you out? I don't know if they let you leave the car there. Probably should call to find out. Here is a 24 hr one. Is $60 acceptable? ￼ Isn't parking on Sunday free? Priority parking has a $34day flat fee. Maybe you can move the car out on Sat night and pa No Sunday parking isn’t free :( it used to be free then it's not and maybe free again starting 7/6/2014. If the rates people posted are accurate, this place seems like it could work http://www.yelp.com/biz/sutter-stockton-gar Call to confirm? A bit far from your apt though. This Sunday is Father's Day. Got any ideas? Haha, persian bakery? Here is an idea. You and me cook him a dinner? When? After Anna’s thing? Yes ￼ Did you call gateway to confirm keys? No, I’ll do that tomorrow Heard back from los olivos. The biopsy/colposcopy showed more abnormalities, so I have to go in for a LEEP (http://www.w I scheduled it for 7/11 so I guess I’ll be home for that weekend Should I accompany you to this appointment? What did she find in colposcopy that requires LEEP? I didn't talk to the doctor, just the assistant. She said they found moderate inflammation that confirms abnormality or Not cancer, just potentially precancerous cells I'll send you an email Bart parking is free over the weekend isn’t it? Sorry I don't know. Can you check online? I did, but it’s not very clear so I wanted to check with someone. Thinking about having Riley park at Fremont bart Do you need me to get anything from grocery store? For tomorrow's dinner What are you planning to make? I thought we both can cook something. What about your Mac and cheese? Sure we can do that. For that we'll just need macaroni, pancetta, gruyere, kale, onions, and white cheddar Got it. But will get them tomorrow. Running a little late, I think we'll get there around 2? Ok I'll let Anna know. Drive safely! Where are you now? Passing mountain view, getting on 85 soon We are just done with performance. You'll be in time for slide show. Tommy is here. I just ordered a clipper card and shipped it to our home address, expect to see one in a couple days What is a clipper card? I see Saw your email and dr. wu’s office just called me. We have an appointment at 3:20 on thursday afternoon If you worried about missing work, ask if you can make it up on weekends. I think it’ll be fine I can catch the 2:07 caltrain out of SF which gets to mv at 3:15 (the one before that is a whole hour earlier). So I gue Sure Are you good at this? And I'll see you tomorrow 3:15 at mt view station? Yep! Dr Wu changed your appointment to 4:30. See my email. Sounds good, I’ll take the train that arrives at 3:37. That should be fine right? 3:37 sounds good On the train now, see you in an hour or so Ok Late? Ready to go? Come out now Okay Forgot to ask you if you have taken any knife from home. Never mind found the missing knife I forgot the sleeping bag! Oh well Sorry. Are you on your way back yet? Just got on Bart Safely at home, just showered. Great! Good night! Sent you a YouTube video to make bone soup. You can simplify it and use slow cooker. For calcium, use big bone with bone $39 Clipper card is here Ok got it Which weekend are you going to LA? 7/19 or 7/26? 7/19 Got it. When is your last day at work? You should consider scheduling your dental cleaning on one of the weekends you come home. Can you send me Dr. Lin’s contact info? ￼ When does your work end? 8/15? I think so, but I’ll double-check with HR when I get a chance Also when does your lease end? Lease ends September 5 So we may be going to napa valley for the weekend of 8/15, do you have a problem with it? Is “we” supposed to include me? I’d rather stay home, and I don’t have a problem with you guys going. Merely checking to see if you're ok with us be gone. Would you stay in the city then? Not sure what my plans are. I’ll probably leave for LA shortly after that weekend (Monday 8/18 maybe?) since school star I need to see Dr. Wu for a followup before I leave though, so depending on when I can get an appointment with her I migh We also like to spend some time with you before you going back to school. Btw, did you meet Jason ding yet? Ok maybe I’ll plan to leave on Wednesday then, that way I can have a couple days at home. I called Jason and he said the Nevertheless, you should go visit him and the team. He'll appreciate and you get to strengthen the tie with the old crew ￼ We Re watching World Cup in downtown st Pedro square. Dad's team Dutch wins! Wow...where did he get a flag?? Dad stole it from a kid ￼ What's the other nail color brand you recommended? Essie Thx Do you want me to get you this corset bra?￼ 32b super comfy How much? Btw I just ordered a swimsuit top from nordstrom and shipped it to our house, should get there by tues 27.97 50% off 58 ￼ Looks good! Does dr. lin do appointments on weekends? Saturday Okay. Called them and assistant said Dr. Lin is on vacation until 6/29, so I might as well wait until after my internshi How about 7/12 weekend you come home It's up to you but schedule it in Oops I meant 7/29. Dr lin is on vacation then Right 6/29 was yesterday :) Dr. Lin clearly has made too much money to take a month off during busy summer time! Are you the person who mentioned EMP museum in Seattle to me? No that was Sara and Annie When are yo coming home today? Planning to catch the 6:56 train which gets to mv at 7:50. Need dinner? Yeah just save me some of whatever you guys eat Dad is eating with his friends just you and me. Btw, Nordstrom pkg hasn't arrived. Hmm okay, I might have time to make a trip to the store tonight before it closes at 9:30 If office has food before you leave, then eat something so you don't feel hungry. Check the shipping track, it may be at front door this afternoon. Tracking info says it was delivered today. I might still end up going to nordstrom if it doesn't fit well though Do you have a gift for Riley's family? Oh crap, no I totally forgot. Guess I can try and pick something up at the mall Any suggestions? If you like, I can get you a box of chocolate. That works well I think, do you think it’ll survive the flight? Should be fine Okay! Mixed truffles from dolce bella? Or this place called chocolatier blue from Santana row. We already know that dolce bella is good, so maybe stick with that Unless you can vouch for the santana row place I had them. They are good and a bit fancy. Www.chocolatierblue.com Personally I think, dolce has better chocolate. Blue has better presentation. They are both good though. I don’t see them on santana row’s website, what are their hours? Maybe I can pick something up myself Till 9 call 408.244.8300 Okay I can probably make it before 9 if we eat after I go On the train, see you at 7:50 K I'm here! Are you? Cocoa Bella is in the mall too Okay perfect I'll just come out then Packing lis for your reference: https://db.tt/2tMi5YZQ Boarded? Just landed Warm enough? Yes very warm. They love the chocolates! How was Kauai so far? Seeing fireworks? Didn't see any big ones, but we set off some small ones on the beach! Lots of fun Glad to hear that :-). We had great hiking in Mt rainier too. It's very generous of Riley's family to invite you to their vacation. Make sure you show them your gratitude. Looking fo ￼Who is Erie? I think you mean Eric Oh Eric who? Prince Eric from little mermaid of course! I thought he drowned already. Our flight may delay for 45min. I'll keep you posted. Okay. Mine is on time, scheduled to land at 11pm Our estimated arrival time 11:40. Please wait for us. Okay Just boarded. See you in about 2 hrs. Our flight is southwest 1204. Ok got it. I'm waiting at terminal 1 baggage claim/ground transport, let me know if I should meet you somewhere Landed We'll find you Your team is destroying Brazil!! Yay! This game will be talked about for a long time! I didn't get to watch live though. Jasper needs some young Americans. If you are not using salesforce Mac, can you bring it home for me to use? Don't know if I have the heart to watch the recorded game... Why not? Germans massacred Brazil That's just it! I would celebrate with joy if it wasn't that brutal. Now I feel so bad for Brazil. Can you give me a ride back home from caltrain on Friday afternoon? My doctor’s appointment is at 3:10, so I’ll probably Sure. Just kidding, I moved the appointment down to 4:30. So I’ll be getting to mountain view at 3:37 I’ll also have a surprise guest with me! Ok I'll meet you at 3:37 That surprise guest better not bite On the train, see you in an hour Almost there At here Have you seen my injection from cvs anywhere around the house? I couldn't find it when I got home, so I rescheduled to M I thought I left it in a white bag on my couch or on my desk, but all I see is the cvs receipt, no depo Hum don't know if dad or cleaning people moved it. I'll help you look when I get home. Check the bathroom? Or the bag on the dresser in your bedroom? When are you coming home? When should I be back? Dinner at 7:30 we leave at 7 I'm calling home at 6. Can you come home earlier to talk to 外婆？ How early? Like at 6? Yes On my way home but I still need to shower, so go without me Can I mess with your external hard drive? Yeah sure What format were you using on the hard drive? I read the exFAT is good for both OS and not limited to 4g. Yep that’s the one I formatted it to I think it somehow become GPT protective so window can't see it. I managed to clean that and us reformatting now. Did it work? Had a few false start since my net book lacks exFAT driver. It's formatting now. Will take a while Planning to take the 9:40 caltrain back up to SF, when should I come home? It's >1 hr drive in rush hour. You better left already. Dinner about 7:30-8 Ok I’ll leave soon. Hopefully I’ll have missed rush hour Did you uber? Yeah just got in the uber Just got home Ok. Don't stay up too late and have a good sleep! If I buy you a bottle of calcium supplement, would you take them? ￼ I probably would when I remember to! ￼ There is a letter to you from south bay surgery. Can you bring it with you next weekend? K Have you arrived? Hi, where are you now? Just landed. Flight got delayed 2 hrs Oh sorry to hear that. Glad you arrived safely. Have a great weekend! Thanks :) Does Harker Albert Wu have a younger sister named Helen? I have no idea. Why? ￼This on Harker FB. Haha, she looks like him. I think you’re right If he does have a sister, that's what you will expect of her, isn't it? I might need to come home at some point and borrow some camping gear for our FiveStars retreat, just a heads up Or if you guys could bring it with you on Saturday that could work too! Ya we can bring them just give me a list We have at least one larger-than-2-person tent right? One 2-4 person tent, one 4-6 person tent. Okay I’ll bring the 4-6 person one if that’s okay? Unless you prefer I bring the smaller one. Other things I’ll need: sl The bigger tent is a better one, but a little harder to setup but I assume you have colleagues who can help. I'll pack t Yeah there are experienced people to help Do you have the MacBook power cable? Also have you ever found that shot Rx? Yep I found the shot, it was at my sf place. And the power cable should be in the laptop case Finished GOT season 1! Oh what did you think? I'm hooked! Haha good! Who’s your favorite character? And did you enjoy the twist at the end? :P Imp and the deanery girl Ned's death is a bit unexpected. It's hard to remember the characters and I often miss some details without subtitle. So I have read a few Synopsys after Austin wants a pair of microphone for games. Is there a more suitable one than ATH m50? You mean headphones? Sorry headphone yes I think ATH are more ideal for listening to music. Searching “best gaming headset” gives me a few other suggestions http://www.amazon.com/Best-Sellers-Video-Games-PC-Game-Headsets/zgbs/videogames/402053011 http://gaming-headsets-review.toptenreviews.com/ I can ask my friends also Ok Kevin recommends the razer kraken, or the steelseries siberia Also, why can’t cheerio be this photogenic?! http://www.boredpanda.com/happy-smiling-dog-maru-shiba-inu/ ￼That's not bad, is it? Razed kragen pro it is! Please thank Kevin for me. Will do. I’d check with Wendy to see if he likes the green color or something more plain! And that’s a great picture of chi. Can I bring her to the office again sometime before work ends? Sure. Oops forgot username to your Mac should be aprilyluo I believe Is there space in passwd? No I recall there was a case error in it but tried all combinations what did I miss? First letter of each word is capitalized: WordWord~ Uhuh When you come home?:-) Either sat aug 16 or sunday 17, when you guys are away I just realized I need someone with a car to help me move out...I guess I can ask mike Didn't you want to take cheerio some day? That’s true. Is the password urgent? It might also be an issue with Salesforce requiring a pw reset or something Not urgent. Ok maybe I’ll come back either this Thursday or next If you don't mind staying in city till Sunday, we can also pick you up on our way back from napa. That works! What time will you get to sf? Don't know yet. About evening I think. My credit limit is $8000/month right? Housing company called to say my card was declined for the amount of $5140. I logg Is only $2860 available because we haven’t paid the bill for the first $5140 yet? Yes Tell dad to pay off first Are you coming home tomorrow? Can I come home tonight instead? Sure what time? Whenever is easiest for you to pick me up $5并且免运费 Neiman Marcus 精选 Essie 指甲油促销 http://www.dealmoon.com/cn/deal/358052.html?s=iphone ￼ <3 Crap, I just realized I should have taken the Salesforce laptop back with me last night. Now I’ll have to come home and Unless you want to come to SF and bring it! :D we can get dinner in the city Shweta and I will get lunch on either Wednesday or Thursday next week. There’s also a possibility that I will come to so Ok Have you heard of defcon 22 in Vegas? Yeah I have. Security conference right? Is it? I don't know. My friend was there and posted a pic. Looks like a hacker thing. I guess security makes sense. What's your flight #? Southwest 1933. Currently delayed 1 hr 5 mins. I'm never flying southwest again Sorry to hear that. It's not that bad, only an hour. It's just so annoying that they're never on time anymore Dad's friend is not coming so we are on our way to Tahoe. Chichi is going with us. Take lots of pics! Delayed another hour because they just realized their flight attendant crew is not arriving until 9:10. That's ridiculous! They should be sued! ￼ ￼￼ When will you be home? I'm outside eating too. Will be home by 9 I have a $30 coupon from bhphotovideo to be used by dec. let me know if you need to buy anything. Did you take iPad charge cable from my bed side. ? Yeah it's by my bed, I took it because I forgot my own iPhone 5 cable Got it Dad just started another call but he said in 10 m That’s fine, I’m not doing anything It said connecting and then it dropped I just hang up Ok I don't think that's working Hi, what are you doing? Hi, relaxing at home. Sorry I didn’t respond last night, was a bit busy with my work party! Mon and tues night are both fine for dinner with wendy, just let me know Will you be too tired to drive up to SF after getting back from napa? Depends on if you have other options. Mm okay I’ll ask Kevin and Mike tonight. They’re coming up to hang out in a couple hours How was your party last night? Good! My coworkers were really great and helped me clean up too. I liked your picture with the giant wine bottles too (: you guys look like the cast of some cheesy new asian sitcom haha ￼ ￼￼ How about that? So when you moving out? Need help? Yes please! Whenever is convenient for you to drive up tonight Is it ok if we pick you up around 6? Hmm okay! Hopefully I’ll be done by then :P You better be done packing! Go do it now, no procrastination :-) Leaving Palo Alto arrive in 45m Ok Arrived Coming! Are you up? If you have no lunch plan, we can eat together. My doctor's appointment s at gatos, should end around 12. Okay sure. I'm still at home doing laundry The startup went ipo this summer is tubemogul Anna called. She is at home. Ok got it Are you home? On my way home now Should I come home or go to little lamb? Coming home! ￼Should I open? Sure go ahead Btw I might not need pans, our new roommate brought some. I'll let you know How is your new rm? You got pep smear result yet? Yeah I got it a couple days ago, it went from moderate dysplasia to mild. Hpv is still present though I suppose mild is better than moderate? Yeah according to her it's good news. So I guess I'll just schedule an appt with usc health center around mid November I'm glad your biopsy results came back good though! ￼New sunglasses Looks cute with the lipstick! Sent you an email regarding job offer. When are you going to Vegas? If you still want the fry pans, Macy have a sale. I think I'll be back home for weekender (usc vs. Stanford game) next weekend! So I can just pick up the ones I left And I'm in vegas right now! Ok. Enjoy your weekend and stay out of trouble! Your cornerback is suspended, and someone else quit the team. Not in good shape to fight Stanford right now. Btw, I already returned the pans. But I can get the similar ones from Macy in sale. You want？ back in la yet? Still driving, we got stuck in really bad traffic got home safely? Yup How was Vegas? Did you loose your shirt? Can I call you tonight to discuss weekend plans? Of course. When? We may need to go to Wendy's to say hi to aunt Su. I’m done with class at 6, is 6:30-7 okay? Yes Leaving office now, call in 30m Ok Can I call now? Yes but your signal is bad? Its okay, let's try FaceTime audio which uses wifi I can't talk about her right now, she's in the same room If you have no use of Lenovo laptop, can you bring it home? Sure Also your senheiser headphone if you don't need. Dad took the last pair for workout. Ok sure! So are you coming tomorrow? Yep! We can't leave until after 3 because Christina and sandy have class, so we won't get home until late Can you take care of dinner yourself? Yup! 6 of you in two cars? Yeah Ankita and her boyfriend are driving up a little earlier and meeting me, Riley, sandy, and Christina for dinner Ok. Let me know when you leave la. Where are you? About 1.5 hrs away Congratulations! :) I'll let you know when grandma us is here Grandma Su Ok sounds good. We're hanging out at Santana row until then They are here finally On my way Party is over Oh wow much earlier than I expected. We're watching a movie, will be home around 12 Or maybe 1 Ok. Enjoy the movie. We saved moon cake for you. On our way home What dates are we going to be in Hawaii? 20-27 ￼I owe you $20 Seeing they look cute on you, you have have them for free! Wow I'm glad I sent a picture! Expensive pics for me :-) When is Riley's birthday? 10/15, why? Just want to know. Fancy dining last night? You are doing sr. Yr. right!:-) Fancy bar, actually! What's the occasion? ...weekend? Haha Do you have time to FT tonight? Probably not, going to a concert ): sorry! Have fun! What about tomorrow? Yes tomorrow works. Evening? Yes after dinner When s a good time to call? Hmm in half an hour? Ok. 10:30 then It might be kitaro but I'm not sure. I couldn't find a concert clip on YouTube with special light effect which I seem to Checking thanksgiving tickets for you. When is your first class on Monday? 12:00 How about southwest Friday 9:25-10:30p, Monday 8:25-9:35a? Or Sunday night return 10:15-11:25p Sunday night is better. Otherwise sounds good I transferred some points to your account and booked tickets on your behalf. Please check your email. Southwest has good deal using points. I'll let you use my points for future travels. Ok got the confirmation! ￼Like my new earrings? 👍 Do you have a free minute to answer 10 short questions for my marketing class? How much do I get paid? One hug? Ok! I’ll email them to you! Oops forgot to email. Are you still up? If not, I’ll just make up answers for you, haha Still up. Hope it's fast Sent! Ok I have to finish it up now, don’t worry about doing the answers. I’ll just make something up! I sent it back.  You didn't get? Ohhh didn’t see it Got it thank you! La to bay recruiting event today. Did you go? Never mind was yesterday. General non-engineering career fair was today but LA to bay has many top companies, but it was part panel discussion format and not much mingling time because long lines Annie's dad is Microsoft china r&d's CTO now. Wow that's a big deal, congrats to him! ￼ Looks nice (: more comfortable than the old one? Helps with my neck. Now I don't know what to do with the old one :-( I need to reset the iphone4 you borrowed. Can I have the passwd? Uhhh I'm not sure. Try 2625 or 2912? That did half of the job. I was able to erase all the setting and delete all accounts except I can't do erase contents b I can just tell you the password, it's fine haha. Call me if you need it Ok just give me now you can change it after I finish resetting it. I'm in line in front of AT&T:-) ￼ Okay it's: A256700x April showers email Weird it doesn't work. Can I reset it to your default? Never mind I can't without internet ￼ New phone! Traded in my iPhone 4 for $200 credit! You may change your passwd now. Trade in promotion from att ends end of September in case any of your friends wants to take advantage of it. Is it $200 cash, or credit toward the iPhone 6? Riley is wondering because he's trading his in soon ￼Money to be used in att store or online. Okay doesn't help him because his parents already bought his new phone But he can get the rebate to pay for phone bills! Or give to his parents to pay bill ￼ ￼ ￼ Wow is that the sj apartment? Yes Wish you are here Riley and I are planning a weekend trip to Chicago in mid-November to see his dad’s play. Can I use united miles to book Sure. Please find the flights and send it to me so I can book from dad's account. What play is it? Musical called Twisted Christmas? Sung by the lead vocalist of a rock band called Twisted Sister (which I don’t know) His dad was script supervisor And I’ll send you the flight details soon ￼￼ These are the flights we’re aiming for: LAX --> ORD UA 1185 on Nov 14, ORD --> LAX UA 793 on Nov 16 And that view looks amazing (: ￼￼ ￼ Dad and I had a carpet picnic and now we are sitting in a downtown cafe to book you the flight Thank you!!! Chase sent you an invitation to apply for sapphire Visa card. I suggest you give it a try. You can get up to 40k bonus p ￼ Here you were taking grandma to dinner. How was it? It went well! Where did you go? Haha, I took her to tasty noodle house because it was really close to where she was staying. Btw, she gave me 红包 Oh how much? $200 That's very generous of her! Hope you both had a good time. Yeah it was actually nice, I had a good time Glad to hear that! You have good people skills. ￼Two new pairs of boots Buy one get one free? No ): I just got a little too excited They look nice. What brand? Brown ones are Jessica Simpson, green ones are O'neill (surf brand) Please write/find me a app that let me scan a word and look it up in dictionary or internet. What you doing this weekend. Have time to FaceTime? Sure, tonight or sometime during the day tomorrow? Tonight is better. Maybe about 10? Earlier is better, I might end up going to my friend’s birthday party. 9? 9 is good What do you think of my new resume? Just emailed it to you and dad Email? Did get yet Ok got it Oh hmm, didn’t realize some of the text disappeared. That’s weird What disappeared? All three look the same to me. Some of the text on the right hand side doesn’t display depending on what program you use to open it. Second version sho Like the format. What happened to the objective? People don't include that anymore? I feel like it’s not that important...it doesn’t really tell the employer anything new and people usually just skip over Are you there? When do you want to FaceTime? I’m busy around dinnertime but before or after is fine After ok. Let me know when you are free Will be back home in about half an hour! Still okay? Yes that's fine. Just got back Filling out my chase credit card app. What should I put for annual income? Is 35k in the ballpark? Also don't put rental. Oh what should I put instead? 0 35k seems high for my income Not if you consider 21k scholarship. Ok 35k income and..."other" as my residence status, with a monthly housing payment of 0? Yes Doesn’t let me put 0 😟 Ok 500 then Hold on. Let me do some research and get back to you. I'm not sure how they verify the data. Ok sounds good Consulted an expert. Chase has no way to verify your income and rental. The only reliable source is your credit score wh Who was the expert?? Aunt Mang 's husband who has  worked in a few credit companies. :-) Wait what, I got automatically approved? ￼ That's great! Should I just go ahead and start using the new card as soon as I activate it then? I can take care of your $3000 requirement. You can add a second card for me to get additional 10k points. At least in th So many people like my salmon poke picture!! Did it taste as good as it looks? Yessss so delicious. Could have used fresher fish and a sharper knife though :( Yes they are essential indeed! Was that a basil plant in the background ? Listening to the book your boyfriend recommended. There is an hilarious episode where Mr. Sedaris teased pretentiousness Haha oops, I guess it does. And yeah it's a live basil plant, tastes good on pasta (: ￼DSW sent you a coupon You got rave reviews of your mannerism from grandma and her relatives. :-) Yay! How was your weekend? Please send me the code chase sent you Fr:Chase Online That expired. One more time please. Fr:Chase Online Sorry might have expired also ): Yes it did. Can you stay on line for a bit. I tried to activate your card. Okay sure Fr:Chase Online Ok. I activated your card and signed up an online account. Thanks! I got the confirmation email 👍 ￼This 12 miles bike ride yesterday almost killed me. Do you have the Brita water pitcher with you? Yeah I do, do you need it? We have at least 2 I think If you don't need it, I can use it at home as a backup. Not if you are using it. Dreamforce this week is the biggest event in the city. They were setting up the stage for Bruno Mars to perform on tue. And I had my first über ride yesterday. Haha how'd you like it? And yeah I can bring back the Brita over thanksgiving Very convenient but not cheap. 1 mile ride costs $15. It shouldn't normally be that expensive...did you get the surge pricing? Yes 2.75x Remind me again what dates we’ll be in Hawaii? Need to put it on my calendar Btw I asked Riley and he probably won’t be joining us, he’s spending Christmas with his family 12/20-27 I thought its best if he join us for the new year's in Tahoe. If you are with Riley or see him later, please tell him dad and I wish him happy birthday! I did, he says thanks (: Transferred $1000 from your citi checking FYI Ok got it Should I just pick up the new chase card at Thanksgiving? Yes. How was your interview? ￼ I gave your cell number to uncle al. Oh why? He has some startup ideas in the service area. He may or may not want to ask you about five stars. I had no idea dried scallops were so expensive! $16 for a bag of goodies Talk soon? In 5 min Hey I just logged into my citi credit card (8165) account and I don’t think we ever got the $800 security deposit back, I checked last week. Didn't see it either. I'll check again. You're right. Should pin him again. It appears the security deposit refund went to your master card end with 6875. Yeah just realized that lol sorryyyy Should I withdraw 800 from your city checking? Sure I just emailed Jason about getting an offer with perf team. Should I be completely honest and tell him I'm not likely to Also applied to Salesforce dev, but that still requires interviews If you are not interested in perf, then don't ask for an offer. Sorry if I wasn't clear last time. Just apply for dev an Ah okay got it. Emailed him back to clarify Has the package arrived? No email alert from gateway yet. Maybe sometime today? Want google inbox? I have extra invites! Sure! Sent (: ￼ This beats your cola can！ ￼ What are you for Halloween....? Riley and I dressed up, I'll send you pics later (: Haha a quick improvise as women in the era of 1930's of China. Or maybe more like the waitress in Chinese restaurants😜 Love it! Happy Halloween! Maybe you can send dad a inbox invite so my email to him don't fall thru the cracks. The UI takes a little get used to, but it essential does what I do with my inbox everyday at a macro level. ￼Yay thanks!! How do I cook them again? Just boil in water? Microwave 1-2m Try one first. Hope it is not spoiled. Hmm I sniffed them and they smelled okay...? We’ll see I guess You hasn't sent me you and Riley 's pictures. Kiki and Tombo - adorable!❤️ You’ve seen the movie? I’m surprised! There are more pics on Riley’s phone but he hasn’t sent them to me yet Not yet but I googled😃 Riley looked especially cute! ￼￼ Love the first one! Heads up, I’ll be using my Citi credit to pay for some expensive HackSC items (furniture for Apple/Microsoft lounges) in Make sure you don't go over your credit limit. If needed, you can always call for a increase. I thought you are not the financier this time😄 I know, I totaled it up and it shouldn’t go over. $8k limit is more than enough - the current balance Current available credit is 6000 something Cool ￼Dad is bringing them back! Too bad you are not home to enjoy them. :( What you doing tonight? Tired from hackSC? Let me know if you have time tonight or tomorrow for FT. Yes I'm exhausted :( FaceTime tomorrow? I'm gonna sleep really early tonight You deserve a good rest my dear. We can chat tomorrow. Good night! Can I borrow 13k points from your chase account? I'll give you back later. You currently have 48k points in the account. Uhhh sure? How does that work? I will take care of it. When are you free? Now! Sorry, was doing a deep clean of the fridge with the roommates How about 11? I have a few things to finish. Okay sounds good It just says connecting... Have you ever got the MK gold color watch from gateway? I did, it wasn’t the same one they told us we were getting...much uglier... I think I might return it to macy’s if possible ￼ More dsw rewards for you I'm in LA 12/5-7. Are you free 12/7 Sunday afternoon? Btw, I bought a Lenovo yoga 2 11s. Have you got your surface 3 yet? At airport yet? Yep waiting to board plane! Arrived? Cold? Both of the above 初雪！Wish you and Riley a wonderful night! Do I fly directly from LAX to Hawaii? No. You came home and we go from SJC. Come Just Landed? Yep just leaving LAX now. Chicago was great, thanks for the wishes (: Have we already booked my flights? Ankita wants to carpool potentially For thanksgiving? Yes we did. Not for winter break. Okay Saw your email. I need to loginto your online account to check. But chase need to sent a code to your phone. Are you ava Yes I'm out.  Will text you when I get back. Okay I'm free until 5 What's a good place to watch sunset in LA? Getty museum balcony! ￼ ❤️ Ready for receiving the code? Yep Fr:Chase Online You may call 800-493-3319. Rent charge of $1 on 11/14 is not authorized. Transfer of 13k points is. ￼ For a special birthday boy :-) Happy birthday dad! :) Don't tell me. Did you all Chase? Oops not yet Have you got the surface 3 yet? Not yet. What do you need me to bring home? off the top of my head: water filter, large duffle bag(if you have it), passport (if you want me to keep it safe) You can keep the puffy coat :-) Do you need me buy anything for you ahead of time? Hmm nope i think it's fine Do you absolutely need the large duffel this time? I don't want to travel with a big bag Can i just bring it to you when I drive back for winter break? Ok didn't pack the brita either because it didn't fit in my carry on. I'll bring them during winter break Np Do you have time to talk sometime today? Fivestars deadline is soon, need advice on negotiating Talk later? Sent you an email. Can talk now if you want. Are you at Riley's house? Would like to talk to you if you can. Yeah I am, I can talk in like half an hour? Ok. Call me then. Are we doing anything Saturday night? Kevin wants to get dinner Just bought wagyu beef for hot pot. Can you do brunch with Kevin on Sunday? Btw, when is your flight tonight? ￼￼ See at 10:30 tonight at SJC Just boarded, see you at 10:30! Okey! Landed In my way On Standing by door B1 Getting coffee with Derek right now. What's your status? At home. Take your time if you are not pressed for shopping. I'm going to lib to get two books On my way home now Are you in fitting rm? Where are you? Great mall? When are you coming home? Want to eat out? Yeah i'm at great mall. Sure we can eat out Can you be home by 7? Yup Paying...will be home in about half an hour Ok. Drive safely no rush. Got boarding pass, waiting to board now. They did overbook my flight though So what happen? Some people oped out? I'm not sure...I had to pick up a security document at check in and exchange it for a boarding pass at the gate. Lady at Hope all goes well. Dad ran into traffic and will be home after mid-night. Okay. Tell him I said hi! Boarded? Still waiting Boarded and packed my bag into the overhead bins just before they started asking people to check them! Yay! Great! Safe trip! Arrived? Yep safely back at gateway Good night! Did you check off your todo list like calling chase and pay rent? Calling them now. How did you log into my chase online account? I can’t login Your name and usual password with 0 for o. Just checked. Everything looks fine. Okay I logged in. I’m confused though...why does it say my credit card ends in 8543? The one I have right now ends in 46 I called the fraud department just now and they said they have to cancel my card and send 3 replacement ones to our hous But there are already 3 Amazon Payments transactions on the new one or whichever card ends with 8543 She also said something about a “Quicken card” which I assume is something of yours Never heard of quicken card. If they issue replacement, the Amazon transactions may get transferred to new account. Did they say when they re-issue? When should I receive the cards? Next 5 business days I believe Ok I'll watch out. What should I do about the quicken card? She said it’s filed under my name Is it a physical card that's coming in 5 days? I have no idea, I can’t find it listed anywhere in my chase online records Let's assume it's a pre-approved card they want you to have. I'll destroy it without activating if it comes in the mail. Did you place the Swiss Army knife in the Amazon shopping cart？its not for dad isn't it? He has one like that. Coffee mug is fine if you don't have better one. Even better if you personalize it. 😄 It's for riley! Just make sure. If you haven't mentioned China trip to Riley, hold on. Will get back to you v Oh good thing you told me, I was planning on bringing it up tonight Don't forget to make an appoint with dr. Wu. Right How does dad track his fitness right now? Phone? Phone app when biking or hiking. Do you think he would like a fitbit? I like the idea. Do you want one too? Hehe Not me. http://www.amazon.com/Fitbit-Wireless-Activity-Sleep-Wristband/dp/B00BGO0Q9O/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1417652982&sr=8-1&ke Slate color or black for dad? I think slate is nice Your gift you decide Haha okay fine Oh oops I didn't even realize that you suggested something similar in your email! Coincidence haha Great minds ... Jawbone seems nicer, I think Riley's dad has one. But almost twice the price I didn't read the reviews yet but Fitbit seems poroular maybe price matter? Anyway, these products upgrade fast. Don't s http://mashable.com/2014/11/23/best-fitness-trackers/ My flight tomorrow is SWA 347, 9:35p. Flight to leave LAX right? Yes Okay I'll make sure we're done with dinner before then We'll have lunch here and They'll drop me off at USC in the afternoon. I'll text you. Early afternoon I'll be there around 1p Okay sounds good I'm downstairs Okay coming! Where downstairs? Lobby? Lease office Kang Kang Food Court ￼ Boarded yet? Just started boarding Safe flight home! See you in two weeks! Thanks! See you at Xmas! Getting picked up. On my way home. Good night mom!:-) Haha goodnight (: Gigantic fire in downtown LA a few hours after we left...thank goodness we weren’t there! http://www.nbclosangeles.com/n Wow! Prepared for the storm? Don't drive. Stay dry. Yup! Hope there's not too much flooding at home? Everything is functional:) Frank is taking head count for cabin guests. Can you confirm what days/nights you and Riley will be there? Sara agreed t Api, can you call me? Oops forgot to respond. Yes sure Is now a good time? Yes Leaving now! How's the weather there? ￼ It might rain later, and traffic can be bad. drive carefully! Will be home around 8:30 since I need to drop off the hamster at Ankita's Should I eat by myself or at home? Come home to eat! I'll save something for you. But get a snack in the way if hungry. Where are you? Maybe come home first? Traffic to Fremont is bad. Leaving Ankita's house now! Are you up? Want lunch together? Just brushed my teeth, sure let's get lunch Where do you want to go? Tango or 上海生煎馆？ tanto Tanto! Ok. Meet me there at 12p El Camino or you mean Dan izakaya on saratoga? El camino. Ok leaving now I'm here, are you? Here Please check your iOS fb's setting. AutoPlay needs to be set on wifi only. Wait did you call me an hour ago? Accident 冰箱里有留给你的粽子。 Yay thanks! Do we have any hot chocolate mix? Don't think so. Still want a scone? Maybe not What was my optometrist appointment originally for? Gonna call to reschedule Not sure regular? Let's go to hachi for noodles Ok Would you return the zero to one book for me? Yeah sure Has mail come yet No i dont think so 额外5折+包邮 American Eagle Outfitters 官网清仓商品热卖 http://cn.dealmoon.com/deal/392743.html?s=iphone Do you have enough contacts for Tahoe? Yes Then we'll order it using VSP benefit of 2015. How about ship it to gateway? Sounds good On the road yet? Yup! Arrived? Yep, getting dinner nearby now How was your day? Does the ski pants fit? We are talking about you. Wow Haha ski pants fit fine for both me and Kathleen, skiing was good! We went to kirkwood Ap and Riley, happy New Years! Happy new years!!! What time are we eating dinner? Should Riley and I see a movie before or after? We’re considering seeing a 2hr movie at 4:40, will that be okay? Yes http://www.m.webmd.com/heartburn-gerd/guide/acid-reflux-symptoms Is it ok we finish your leftovers? Yeah sure Let me know when you come home. I can pick you up from mt. View. On board the 10:40 train, should arrive at Mountain view by 11:50 Dad will pick you up 👍 http://www.yelp.com/biz/pizzeria-delfina-san-francisco What's your plan today? Home for dinner? Yeah I think so Ok, let's use the salt block tonight. I have both salmon and chicken out on the kitchen counter. Can you put them in fri Reminder: dr. Wu, dr. Lin, dr. Mendelson. Will order contacts after eye exam. I'll order. They're not fully defrosted yet and we're going out, I'll check on them again when we get back In that case, don't worry about them. Plan to be home by 7:30 ok? K ￼Is this correct? Primary eye care insurance is dad's vsp, and secondary should be something else? Riley arrived home) ? Yup! What's the San Diego venue and address? Valley view casino center This is the venue in SD. Yes One night 2/6? Yup! Are you up? When is your dr. Wu appointment? Just finished appointment. Want to get lunch? Sure. Any place in mind? Korean tofu! Ok. Tofu house on el camino/Lawrence? Meet there at 12:45? 👍 Here ￼￼￼ Ethan's (uncle al's son) drawings. Wow that’s really beautiful! I’m jealous... How about mine? ￼￼￼￼ On my way to lunch Where are you now? What did you say was wrong with the large duffle bag? Zippers are not very sturdy and the handle is crooked I think? I forget Switched with Ankita not too long ago, probably 2-3 hrs away from LA now Hum no problem when empty. Will watch out. Arrived? Yep just unloaded our stuff! Getting dinner now 😄 Can you send me the chase code? 34028067 Got it A paycheck of ~$700 paycheck From international financial group? That's my microsoft paycheck Btw, I cut my finger while chopping onions. Guess I'm taking after you! How much did you cut? Can I call you? Not the finger, something else. I'll call you in a minute Your card is here! You didn't open the letters on top of the file cabinet. Dad said he told you :( Activated for you. Haha okay thanks! Also please apply United mileagePlus Explorer card asap. It takes time to post bonus points. You already contacted VSP about correcting my name right? Not VSP but our accounting firm. Waiting for a response. Why? Optometrist office wants to know So they can bill VSP without charging us Of course. They can wait a few days. Did you fly in today? Yep, flew in yesterday morning and took a shuttle to retreat How is your finger? Fine i think! I went to the health center and changed to a normal bandaid Ok. Enjoy your retreat! Are you back to la? Just got back! Was Vegas as fun as last time) Yes! I was so tired from my retreat, I'm glad I was only there one day Why so tied? Retreat is supposed to be vacation. Your name is corrected on VSP website. Okay I'll call dr m 8 boxes contact lens arrived yet? Yep got them Can we fb tonight or tomorrow night? Ft Sure, tonight maybe? Is 10 ok? Earlier might be better Around 8? Can't. Have a late company meeting. Hmm okay I think I can do 10. Text me beforehand Got it Can we do 11 instead? Sure Actually never mind I can do now! You free? I need 10m Ok Facetime is taking forever to connect :( Gone Eye doctor called, they have cleared benefit with VSP. Also they shipped your package. Call if you don't receive in a we This one right? https://creditcards.chase.com/credit-cards/united-airlines-credit-card.aspx Yes Should I use my FiveStars salary for gross income? Sure but since aug right? ￼ Ok? I guess ok. They won't check anyway. ￼ Arriving at home address in 7-10 business days You have excellent credit! Did you add an authorized user for 5k points? Oh oops...was I not supposed to? I added you You did the right thing! Oh haha phew okay Does it matter if I don’t have the physical card yet? Just need the numbers Can you tell me the card number/account number? Trying to log in online Also, my citi debit card expires this month. Did they already send a new one? Need to check with dad. He may have put them away. Citi and chase. Okay let me know Have you got over your cold yet? Yep I’m all better That's good😄 Neither chase nor citi cards. Why don't give you dad's mileage card number instead. Call me when you are ready. ￼ This scared me for a min. Wait what happened? I haven't heard about it Got you! It's USC - South Carolina. Yeah I thought the picture didn't look like LA! Your United mileage explorer cards are here. Still no citi yet. Guess what is your credit limit? I called citi and asked them to send the new card to gateway! Uhhhh 18k right? I remember seeing that when I got approved Isn't that incredible. I only hope I can keep my credit record so clean after I actually start paying my own rent 😊 You should have no problem. I just requested an increase of your citi platinum card limit. It's now 11,200 Do you still want your iPod nano? Nope! Btw, I'm using my credit card to pay for things for now until my new citi card gets here Which card! Citi debt? Or platinum? The visa ending in 8165 Is the one I'm currently using I'm waiting for my normal citi debit card ending in 6875 to arrive Ok How was concert? Are you back  to hotel? Btw, this is the view from our hotel room: ￼ Hey! You all right? Yeah I'm fine, sorry! Comedy show was so much fun :) I would send you a picture of the view from our room but it's just the freeway :) ￼ Beautiful Saturday morning by the bay when you are in no hurry to go anywhere! Is that guy playing a clarinet? Think so. And he is not too bad. :) Can you think of a few bars that might be suitable for dad and me? Or me and my girl friends. In SF? Yes Your citi debit card is here. Grrrr I told them to send it here!!! Why don't you continue using citi platinum and I'll deduct money from you citi checking after I pay the bill. Ok? Okay. So far I used it to pay for gas twice and groceries and food You don't need to tell me. I can check the statement myself. ￼How do I pronounce #8? Hey quick question, what month/year did we move to our current house? 1997? I’m filling out employee background verifica 97 What month though? Not sure just put 4/97 Btw, #8 臊子 = saozi. Meaning ground pork. I’m booking my spring break flight right now. Should I use my Chase card? Yes. Sapphire. Just dropped of dad at airport. When's your break btw? Too late I already paid with my debit card :( sorry, there were only 4 seats left so I was hurrying Break is 3/14-3/21. We're going to Chicago for st Patrick's day Who's we? Any special event there? Me, Ankita, Christina, sandy, and our other friends holly, Chloe, Blair and Anna Blair and Anna are from Chicago so we'll stay with their families Wow Vegas is not enough huh? Glad you are having fun :)! Thanks 😊 Also, can I ask you a favor? Ankita is coming to Norcal for a grad school interview Sunday-Tuesday, and she offered to p It’s the short red one in this picture that I wore to junior prom in high school. Should be in my closet￼ I'll take a look tonight. Thanks! Btw citibank ended up sending a debit card to gateway as well, so I don't need the one from home. I put the dress in a brown cardboard box at the front door. Thank you!!! I'm at the airport having soba noodle thinking how you liked soy soup ... ￼ Hope you'll get a better v day gift than this :) We had dinner at Riley's house last night and chef friend Dean cooked! Wish I remembered to take some pictures... Also hope everything goes well at the funeral. Miss you and dad :/ Thanks! Btw, if you feel you have anything to say to grandpa, you can send a video. Just a thought. Okay good idea. What time is the funeral? Sunday night your time Happy belated Chinese New Year, and also happy belated birthday! So sorry, I meant to text you earlier but I forgot ): Thanks! Did you see my WeChat messages? Yeah I just looked at them! That's so generous of 外公 and 外婆, I'll definitely try to think of something meaningful to giv You're not still in China are you? Dad is leaving on 2/22 and me 3/1. Oh, how are you iMessaging me? Dad said its covered by data plan. We'll see. I got back this morning? How are things with you lately. Saw your FB pictures. Vitterbi ball last night? Did you have fu Viterbi ball was lots of fun! And I had both a cold and a cold burger, haha. I'm busy tonight but let's talk soon! Tomor A small cold or a big one? Get better soon! Almost better already :) Ok. Dad and I are both sick too. Talk to you tomorrow. Feel better both of you! When do you have time to talk? Up to you. Ok! Can I call you in like an hour? Sure Have you paid March rent yet?Please use chase sapphire card to pay gateway rent from now on? I don’t have the card info. I used you and Dad’s united mileage card last time I think. Should I use that to pay March r I think it’s still okay to pay by tomorrow without getting charged a late fee Still up, let me get the card Oh okay! Surprised you’re still awake Wait you have the sapphire card. Dad said Riley's dad has spent some time in Japan. Are they familiar with Asian tea cultural? Do you think they'll appre Definitely appreciate, I’m not sure if they would use it frequently. Not a bad idea though! Good to know :) thanks for the input! Btw, if you plan to visit Anna in Greece, you should email her and Viktor as earlier as possible to give ample time to m Forwarded you viktor's email. 5/20 we are going to napa with Joanne and Suwen's family. I counted you in. There is $2459.44 charge on citi platinum card. Have you paid me back yet? For IKEA. I think that's hackathon expense. I verified. I got the ikea money last nov. Don't worry about it. Okay 👍 Hey, do you know Anna/Viktor’s address in Greece? Doing some trip planning right now No address but they are on the biggest island of Crete. Sent you a sample of what we’re thinking about doing in Europe, take a look and let me know if you have any advice! ￼That's all I have. Not very useful. Are you able to ft this weekend? Leaving for Chicago tomorrow morning! Maybe Sunday night? Can wait till you come back. Any update on trip dates? Not yet Landed safely in Chicago! 😄 When you get a chance, I like to have a copy of your picture with Riley in cooking class. Love thy pic! ￼ Not the collage. Do you have the pic by itself? Oh yeah ￼ Have you heard of sigma alpha pi？Aunt mang's son Eric got an invitation. She is wondering if it's legit or if there is a Hmm I haven't heard of it, but I doubt there's much value I get emails like that a lot Thanks! What did you take the Chicago photo with? Iphone! But I used a photo editing app haha Did you take panorama and made it look like wide angle? Good detective skills 👍 Where are you staying? At our friend Anna's house, she lives in Palatine (suburb outside Chicago) Her parents not home? They are! How many of you? 6 of us including Anna herself, so 5 guests. We're definitely going to buy her parents a gift to say thank you And help cleanup after your stay :) Anyway, did you see this view today? ￼ Yes! Not as green as yesterday but ￼ Nice! Back in la? Yup! We are in the city today and tomorrow. Can we FaceTime Sunday night? Sunday night works! ￼ ￼ View from del's room Where? Near golden gate? ￼ ￼ You need to learn from the barista here in St. Frank's coffee. I bought a pair of AG jeans and loved it. Do you want me to buy a pair for you too? ￼ Only size 25 left but I can wear 26 so 25 should be fine for you. I have free shipping and 30% off so it's $62.30 for you! B-gift? Do they have a skinnier cut? Not at this price :-( Go to gilt.com search for AG jeans to see if there are others you like. I see a coated skinny in olive color I like these ones: ￼ ￼ ￼ But none of them are available in my size :( do you think they'll get more? What's your size? 25 maybe? I'm not sure. Maybe 24? It depends on the brand, when it comes to jeans Do you think it’s worth it for me to get TSA pre-check status? Costs $80 to register, and Riley’s family suggests it for Please google TSA vs global entry. I think it's the latter speeds up custom. Also check how long the process time. When can you ft? Oh crap I totally forgot and I just promised Riley’s friends we’d go over and hang out with them! Can we reschedule for Hum... Ok I guess. What time tomorrow? Ah I’m so sorry! I’ll set a calendar alert this time so I won’t forget :P I’m done with class at 5pm tomorrow, so anytime after that would be fine Probably 9 -10 then. Ok sounds good Earthquake in saratoga? Hope everything's fine! Is it? Ready to call Okay! Give me 5 min ￼￼￼ Amero rooftop pics. ￼￼ saint frank coffee inside ￼Sears tower skydeck view at sunset ￼View from the beach house deck ￼Fancy homemade breakfast Beautiful! These bacons look like gold fishes. ￼I found a place in LA that makes Aussie/NZ style savory pies! And a flat white to go with it ￼And my cheerio color-me-mine figure :) Ugh so cute! That Aussie pie is a real treat! Is it close to school? No, all the way in Santa Monica... Oh well Wait! The AG skinny jeans I originally wanted came back in stock for size 25! Do you have any more discount coupons? Ballad or Aubrey? Aubrey, Crest blue dark color It says reserved. If it's available, do you want it？ Sorry that code is one time only Yes please! Not reserved anymore, it was only reserved because I had it in my cart LOL Without discount coupon, it will be $89. Still want it? Hmm, maybe I should wait to see if I like the ones you bought me But I do want another pair of jeans! Do you see AG jeans often on gilt? Didn't pay attention before. I'll say jeans sales are often. AG this season's styles might be what's left. Btw, bansky art on gilt. Did you email Viktor yet? Yes I did earlier, and I'm submitting my global entry application right now Should I use citi credit or chase card to pay the application fee? No matter as long as you pay for it :) Is chase visa or MasterCard? Visa Hmm it’s telling me the Chase credit card number is invalid for some reason...I’ll just use citi Omg! http://sf.eater.com/2015/3/16/8225249/din-tai-fung-westfield-valley-fair-san-jose So I heard and its 100+ seating. ￼ Pretty! You have $5 credit with dsw. Expire 4/30. FYI I'm transferring $356.11 from your citi checking acct for last months charges. Your balance is 331.23 after that. Charges for what? Varies spending before you get your debt card. Remember? Oh right! 👍 Euro tickets probably should book this week. Risky to wait any longer. Please see my latest email and make a decision. Y Give me a call if you can ￼ Just checked with Riley's parents about apple watch, they were planning on buying it for him. But they said we should go Phew, good thing we checked And already took care of the citi thing That's great! Train accident near USC. Everything ok? Yup Heard it was a sc student. Cheerio turned out well :) ￼ ? ￼ ❤️Her eyes! What did Riley make? ￼Coffee mug with a cool sponge gradient effect very practical!👍 Also, my AG jeans just came. Looks great and fits well except the waist is a little tight...I might need to exchange for I'm getting fat! :( Is return shipping free? I still have free shipping for next 14 days so use it before it ends. ￼ Ready to book the tickets? Yup! In process of booking. Please send me Riley's full name as on passport and DOB. Full name: Riley Ryan Pietsch DOB: 10/15/1992 Do you need his global entry number too? Trusted traveler number: 983052496 Also need passport # and expiration date Wait that's optional never mind Got confirmation email from United Btw, for future reference, use april.y.luo@gmail.com instead of April showers. I switched several months ago Ok I'll make note. Also forwarded you Riley's reservation. Please check for accuracy. Looks like jeans exchange will be free shipping. Feel free to login into my account: helened@gmail.com and usual passwd. Why do my chase cards keep getting fraud transactions? Just forwarded you a new alert Two transactions: some StrongerrX place in Florida, and $2.22 for Google? I marked both of them as fraud I only see Google charge of $8.02 on sapphire card. Mileage card is clean. Your sapphire card was replaced once, right? Looks like it was hacked. Do you have the card with you? No, you have it remember? I'll go home check your drawers. But you may need to mark the $8.02 as well. Yep! Both chase Visa cards are in your drawer. Don't know how it was hacked. Just called chase and canceled the card, they're sending a new one to our house in 3-5 business days. The lady I spoke to didn't have any helpful info on why it might have been hacked It's safe to cancel anyway. I'll keep an eye on its arrival. Briefly lectured in USC in 2012.  Have you heard of this guy named Mark Treston? 先先 is taking online history lesson from ￼ Yum! I'll take you here when you are home! Your new jeans arrived home Color platoon is kind of green ya? Yup Can you bring them to me end of April? Yes. You can wear them without hemming? I'm not sure...I think so? Since they're skinny Dad sold es399. Es300 Oh wow! For how much? $2400 It was your first car so I thought you should know Goodbye Lexus! You served me well! When I was cleaning the stuff out, I noticed the bubble gum stain on the back seat belt and remembered when you used gum And I wondered if your Harker friends had left anything in the back seat pockets. Hahaha I forgot about the gum! I wonder what my rationale was...do you have any idea? Well gum is sticky ... But why did I need to glue the seat belt in the first place? Was it too loose or something? Maybe you were too short and the seat belt ride up your throat. Did kristi work for doordash? What? Not that I know of, why? Jui asked people to support Kristi and her friends by ordering. is your backpack OG? No, the brand is Herschel Your sapphire cards arrived. I'm keeping them till you come home. Back from Vegas? Yup! Riley and I are exhausted, we're about to eat some cheap delivery food while watching tv in bed d Don't stay up too late then. Is there doordash in LA? I don't think so, haha Jui said Kristi is helping them with marketing. If I want to start booking Europe stuff (flights within Europe, Airbnb, etc) what credit card should I use? good question! How about your sapphire visa. I'll call to tell you the numbers. I think I still have it written down somewhere Reissued remember? Ohhhhh right! I’ll call you later, I’m with people right now and I probably shouldn’t be repeating credit cards over the phone when th Right! Can I call you sometime soon? I'm not home. Don't have the card with me. How about tonight? Okay sounds good I heard you can buy universal studio ticket on campus. How much is it? http://www.usc.edu/bus-affairs/ticketoffice/calendar/entertainment/discount_listing.htm Did you want to go? $84 for adult ticket (regular price 95) Never mind. Costco is only $74 Call soon? I'm free now Oh also Ankita wants to know if you’re bringing Cheerio next weekend :P Sorry no cheerio. Speaking of photo, I saw your FB posts. Nice pictures! Does he use flash or reflector? Reflector but a lot of it is my editing I bought a dress for grad! It’s cream colored with floral pattern Pic please ￼ 👍❤️the model! FaceTime tomorrow? Sure! When? 10p? Works for me If you are free we can talk now In 20 min? I Can I call? ￼ Imagine a light purple shirt for dad Do I have a pair of red heels sandals at home in my closet? I can't remember If so, could you bring them on Thursday? ￼You mean this? Yes! Matches my dress perfectly! Forwarded you Aunt Zenan's bday greeting in WeChat. Can you login to see if you can her contact to respond? Some woman held at gun point near school. Are you ok? I'm fine! Out at dinner Nice. ￼ OMG, why is Linnea so pretty! On our way I'm so jealous of Linnea And yay! Let me know when we should meet you for dinner! You don't need to be. Your are both such beautiful girls. And you are funnier! ;-) Reservation is 7. Will text you after we checkin vegabond Checked in Yay! I’m working on some stuff on campus, should I come to gateway and meet you? Also, what time should we leave for dinner? Maybe around 6:20-6:30? We can pick you up around 6:30 or you can come to vegabond. Where is Riley? Should we pick him up? How about I’ll meet you at vagabond at 6:30, and then we can swing by Riley’s apartment to pick him up Great! See you soon. Dad is worried about traffic so come a little early if you can. Ok Tonight's place isn't fancy is it? Not too fancy. We are at room 218 Sorry, running late! Walking over now Morning! We're almost ready Morning! On our way to Trojan Oops, Ankita and I forgot our sashes! Turning around There was a group of very attractive people in the jacuzzi next to us. One of them looked awful like Taylor launder. 